
10 Nomi propri di persona più frequenti nel testo aTaleOfTwoCities.txt
Nome:  Mr. Lorry 
Frequenza: 312 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
T. and Co.

I know this messenger, guard, said Mr. Lorry, getting down into the
road--assisted from behind more swiftly than politely by the other two
passengers, who immediately scrambled into the coach, shut the door, and
pulled up the window.  Completing his resemblance to a man who was sitting for his portrait,
Mr. Lorry dropped off to sleep.  When Mr. Lorry had finished his breakfast, he went out for a stroll on
the beach.  As the day declined into the afternoon, and the air, which had been
at intervals clear enough to allow the French coast to be seen, became
again charged with mist and vapour, Mr. Lorry's thoughts seemed to cloud
too.  The obscurity was so difficult to penetrate that Mr. Lorry, picking his
way over the well-worn Turkey carpet, supposed Miss Manette to be, for
the moment, in some adjacent room, until, having got past the two tall
candles, he saw standing to receive him by the table between them and
the fire, a young lady of not more than seventeen, in a riding-cloak,
and still holding her straw travelling-hat by its ribbon in her hand.  I kiss your hand, miss, said Mr. Lorry, with the manners of an earlier
date, as he made his formal bow again, and took his seat.  I received a letter from the Bank, sir, yesterday, informing me that
some intelligence--or discovery--

The word is not material, miss; either word will do.

--respecting the small property of my poor father, whom I never saw--so
long dead--

Mr. Lorry moved in his chair, and cast a troubled look towards the
hospital procession of negro cupids.  The
gentleman had left London, but I think a messenger was sent after him to
beg the favour of his waiting for me here.

I was happy, said Mr. Lorry, to be entrusted with the charge.  I have done my best to prepare myself, and I naturally have a
strong and eager interest to know what they are.

Naturally, said Mr. Lorry.  Are you quite a stranger to me, sir?

Am I not? Mr. Lorry opened his hands, and extended them outwards with
an argumentative smile.  I am almost sure it was you.

Mr. Lorry took the hesitating little hand that confidingly advanced
to take his, and he put it with some ceremony to his lips.  I pass my whole life, miss, in turning an immense pecuniary
Mangle.

After this odd description of his daily routine of employment, Mr. Lorry
flattened his flaxen wig upon his head with both hands (which was most
unnecessary, for nothing could be flatter than its shining surface was
before), and resumed his former attitude.  Pray, said Mr. Lorry, in a soothing tone, bringing his left hand from
the back of the chair to lay it on the supplicatory fingers that clasped
him in so violent a tremble: pray control your agitation--a matter of
business.  It will be his Ghost--not him!

Mr. Lorry quietly chafed the hands that held his arm.  You are well on your way to the poor wronged gentleman, and, with a fair
sea voyage, and a fair land journey, you will be soon at his dear side.

She repeated in the same tone, sunk to a whisper, I have been free, I
have been happy, yet his Ghost has never haunted me!

Only one thing more, said Mr. Lorry, laying stress upon it as a
wholesome means of enforcing her attention: he has been found under
another name; his own, long forgotten or long concealed.  A wild-looking woman, whom even in his agitation, Mr. Lorry observed to
be all of a red colour, and to have red hair, and to be dressed in some
extraordinary tight-fitting fashion, and to have on her head a most
wonderful bonnet like a Grenadier wooden measure, and good measure too,
or a great Stilton cheese, came running into the room in advance of the
inn servants, and soon settled the question of his detachment from the
poor young lady, by laying a brawny hand upon his chest, and sending him
flying back against the nearest wall.  (I really think this must be a man! was Mr. Lorry's breathless
reflection, simultaneously with his coming against the wall.)  And you in brown! she said, indignantly turning to Mr. Lorry;
couldn't you tell her what you had to tell her, without frightening her
to death?  Do
you call _that_ being a Banker?

Mr. Lorry was so exceedingly disconcerted by a question so hard to
answer, that he could only look on, at a distance, with much feebler
sympathy and humility, while the strong woman, having banished the inn
servants under the mysterious penalty of letting them know something
not mentioned if they stayed there, staring, recovered her charge by a
regular series of gradations, and coaxed her to lay her drooping head
upon her shoulder.  I hope she will do well now, said Mr. Lorry.  My darling pretty!

I hope, said Mr. Lorry, after another pause of feeble sympathy and
humility, that you accompany Miss Manette to France?

A likely thing, too! replied the strong woman.  Better to begin slowly.
 Thus, Monsieur Defarge, in a stern voice, to Mr. Lorry, as they began
ascending the stairs.  The keeper of the wine-shop, always going a little in
advance, and always going on the side which Mr. Lorry took, as though he
dreaded to be asked any question by the young lady, turned himself about
here, and, carefully feeling in the pockets of the coat he carried over
his shoulder, took out a key.  The door is locked then, my friend? said Mr. Lorry, surprised.  Because he has lived so long, locked up, that he would be
frightened--rave--tear himself to pieces--die--come to I know not what
harm--if his door was left open.

Is it possible! exclaimed Mr. Lorry.  But, by this time she trembled
under such strong emotion, and her face expressed such deep anxiety,
and, above all, such dread and terror, that Mr. Lorry felt it incumbent
on him to speak a word or two of reassurance.  There appearing to be no other door on that floor, and the keeper of
the wine-shop going straight to this one when they were left alone, Mr.
Lorry asked him in a whisper, with a little anger:

Do you make a show of Monsieur Manette?

I show him, in the way you have seen, to a chosen few.

Is that well?

_I_ think it is well.

Who are the few?  Are you going to finish that pair of shoes to-day? asked Defarge,
motioning to Mr. Lorry to come forward.  Take it, monsieur.

Mr. Lorry took it in his hand.  You are not a shoemaker by trade? said Mr. Lorry, looking steadfastly
at him.  I asked leave to teach myself, and I got it with much difficulty after
a long while, and I have made shoes ever since.

As he held out his hand for the shoe that had been taken from him, Mr.
Lorry said, still looking steadfastly in his face:

Monsieur Manette, do you remember nothing of me?

The shoe dropped to the ground, and he sat looking fixedly at the
questioner.  Monsieur Manette; Mr. Lorry laid his hand upon Defarge's arm; do you
remember nothing of this man?  Is there no old
banker, no old business, no old servant, no old time, rising in your
mind, Monsieur Manette?

As the captive of many years sat looking fixedly, by turns, at Mr.
Lorry and at Defarge, some long obliterated marks of an actively intent
intelligence in the middle of the forehead, gradually forced themselves
through the black mist that had fallen on him.  If, without disturbing him, she said, raising her hand to Mr. Lorry as
he stooped over them, after repeated blowings of his nose, all could be
arranged for our leaving Paris at once, so that, from the very door, he
could be taken away--

But, consider.  Is he fit for the journey? asked Mr. Lorry.  Say, shall I hire a carriage and post-horses?

That's business, said Mr. Lorry, resuming on the shortest notice his
methodical manners; and if business is to be done, I had better do it.

Then be so kind, urged Miss Manette, as to leave us here.  In any case, I will take care of him until
you return, and then we will remove him straight.

Both Mr. Lorry and Defarge were rather disinclined to this course, and
in favour of one of them remaining.  Monsieur Defarge put this provender, and the
lamp he carried, on the shoemaker's bench (there was nothing else in the
garret but a pallet bed), and he and Mr. Lorry roused the captive, and
assisted him to his feet.  They began to descend; Monsieur Defarge going first with the lamp, Mr.
Lorry closing the little procession.  The prisoner had got into a coach, and his daughter had followed
him, when Mr. Lorry's feet were arrested on the step by his asking,
miserably, for his shoemaking tools and the unfinished shoes.  And you know Mr. Lorry.

I know Mr. Lorry, sir, much better than I know the Bailey.  Find the door where the witnesses go in, and show the
door-keeper this note for Mr. Lorry.  The door-keeper will pass the note to Mr.
Lorry, and do you make any gesture that will attract Mr. Lorry's
attention, and show him where you stand.  Don't you be afraid of
that.

Mr. Cruncher's attention was here diverted to the door-keeper, whom he
saw making his way to Mr. Lorry, with the note in his hand.  After some gruff coughing and rubbing of his chin and signing
with his hand, Jerry attracted the notice of Mr. Lorry, who had stood up
to look for him, and who quietly nodded and sat down again.  Having released his noble bosom
of its burden, he would have modestly withdrawn himself, but that the
wigged gentleman with the papers before him, sitting not far from Mr.
Lorry, begged to ask him a few questions.  Supposing him wrapped up as
those two passengers were, is there anything in his bulk and stature to
render it unlikely that he was one of them?

No.

You will not swear, Mr. Lorry, that he was not one of them?

No.

So at least you say he may have been one of them?

Yes.  Except that I remember them both to have been--like
myself--timorous of highwaymen, and the prisoner has not a timorous
air.

Did you ever see a counterfeit of timidity, Mr. Lorry?

I certainly have seen that.

Mr.  Was he the only passenger who came on board
at that untimely hour?

He happened to be the only one.

Never mind about 'happening,' Mr. Lorry.  He was the only passenger who
came on board in the dead of the night?

He was.

Were you travelling alone, Mr. Lorry, or with any companion?

With two companions.  Mr. Carton came up
at the moment, and touched Mr. Lorry on the arm.  It won't do for a respectable bank gentleman
like you, to be seen speaking to him publicly, you know.

Mr. Lorry reddened as if he were conscious of having debated the point
in his mind, and Mr. Carton made his way to the outside of the bar.  Jerry! Mr. Lorry was already calling at the door when he got
there.  Here I am, sir!

Mr. Lorry handed him a paper through the throng.  Congratulatory


From the dimly-lighted passages of the court, the last sediment of the
human stew that had been boiling there all day, was straining off, when
Doctor Manette, Lucie Manette, his daughter, Mr. Lorry, the solicitor
for the defence, and its counsel, Mr. Stryver, stood gathered round Mr.
Charles Darnay--just released--congratulating him on his escape from
death.  He still had his wig and gown on, and he said, squaring himself at his
late client to that degree that he squeezed the innocent Mr. Lorry clean
out of the group: I am glad to have brought you off with honour, Mr.
Darnay.  I have done my best for you, Mr. Darnay; and my best is as good as
another man's, I believe.

It clearly being incumbent on some one to say, Much better, Mr. Lorry
said it; perhaps not quite disinterestedly, but with the interested
object of squeezing himself back again.  You are a man of business, too.

And as such, quoth Mr. Lorry, whom the counsel learned in the law had
now shouldered back into the group, just as he had previously shouldered
him out of it--as such I will appeal to Doctor Manette, to break up
this conference and order us all to our homes.  Miss Lucie looks ill, Mr.
Darnay has had a terrible day, we are worn out.

Speak for yourself, Mr. Lorry, said Stryver; I have a night's work to
do yet.  Speak for yourself.

I speak for myself, answered Mr. Lorry, and for Mr. Darnay, and for
Miss Lucie, and--Miss Lucie, do you not think I may speak for us all?
 He asked her the question pointedly, and with a glance at her father.  He now
stepped up to where Mr. Lorry and Mr. Darnay stood upon the pavement.  So, Mr. Lorry!  If you knew what a conflict goes on in the business mind, when the
business mind is divided between good-natured impulse and business
appearances, you would be amused, Mr. Darnay.

Mr. Lorry reddened, and said, warmly, You have mentioned that before,
sir.  Don't be
nettled, Mr. Lorry.  You are as good as another, I have no doubt: better,
I dare say.

And indeed, sir, pursued Mr. Lorry, not minding him, I really don't
know what you have to do with the matter.  It is a pity you have not, sir.

I think so, too.

If you had, pursued Mr. Lorry, perhaps you would attend to it.

Lord love you, no!--I shouldn't, said Mr. Carton.  Well, sir! cried Mr. Lorry, thoroughly heated by his indifference,
business is a very good thing, and a very respectable thing.  I hope you have been this day preserved for a prosperous and happy
life.--Chair there!

Perhaps a little angry with himself, as well as with the barrister, Mr.
Lorry bustled into the chair, and was carried off to Tellson's.  After several relapses into
business-absorption, Mr. Lorry had become the Doctor's friend, and the
quiet street-corner was the sunny part of his life.  On this certain fine Sunday, Mr. Lorry walked towards Soho, early in
the afternoon, for three reasons of habit.  As I am at home myself, said Mr. Lorry, I'll go upstairs.

Although the Doctor's daughter had known nothing of the country of her
birth, she appeared to have innately derived from it that ability to
make much of little means, which is one of its most useful and most
agreeable characteristics.  The disposition of everything in the
rooms, from the largest object to the least; the arrangement of colours,
the elegant variety and contrast obtained by thrift in trifles, by
delicate hands, clear eyes, and good sense; were at once so pleasant in
themselves, and so expressive of their originator, that, as Mr. Lorry
stood looking about him, the very chairs and tables seemed to ask him,
with something of that peculiar expression which he knew so well by this
time, whether he approved?  There were three rooms on a floor, and, the doors by which they
communicated being put open that the air might pass freely through them
all, Mr. Lorry, smilingly observant of that fanciful resemblance which
he detected all around him, walked from one to another.  I wonder, said Mr. Lorry, pausing in his looking about, that he keeps
that reminder of his sufferings about him!

And why wonder at that? was the abrupt inquiry that made him start.  I should have thought-- Mr. Lorry began.  You'd have thought! said Miss Pross; and Mr. Lorry left off.  I am pretty well, I thank you, answered Mr. Lorry, with meekness; how
are you?

Nothing to boast of, said Miss Pross.  Really, then? said Mr. Lorry, as an amendment.  Dear me! said Mr. Lorry, as the safest remark he could think of.  Not seeing with precision what was very hard, Mr. Lorry shook his head;
using that important part of himself as a sort of fairy cloak that would
fit anything.  If _that_ was beginning it-- said Mr. Lorry.  But it really is doubly and trebly hard to have crowds
and multitudes of people turning up after him (I could have forgiven
him), to take Ladybird's affections away from me.

Mr. Lorry knew Miss Pross to be very jealous, but he also knew her by
this time to be, beneath the service of her eccentricity, one of those
unselfish creatures--found only among women--who will, for pure love and
admiration, bind themselves willing slaves, to youth when they have lost
it, to beauty that they never had, to accomplishments that they were
never fortunate enough to gain, to bright hopes that never shone upon
their own sombre lives.  There never was, nor will be, but one man worthy of Ladybird, said
Miss Pross; and that was my brother Solomon, if he hadn't made a
mistake in life.

Here again: Mr. Lorry's inquiries into Miss Pross's personal history had
established the fact that her brother Solomon was a heartless scoundrel
who had stripped her of everything she possessed, as a stake to
speculate with, and had abandoned her in her poverty for evermore, with
no touch of compunction.  Miss Pross's fidelity of belief in Solomon
(deducting a mere trifle for this slight mistake) was quite a serious
matter with Mr. Lorry, and had its weight in his good opinion of her.  Do you imagine-- Mr. Lorry had begun, when Miss Pross took him up
short with:

Never imagine anything.  Do you suppose, Mr. Lorry went on, with a laughing twinkle in his
bright eye, as it looked kindly at her, that Doctor Manette has any
theory of his own, preserved through all those years, relative to
the cause of his being so oppressed; perhaps, even to the name of his
oppressor?

I don't suppose anything about it but what Ladybird tells me.

And that is--?

That she thinks he has.

Now don't be angry at my asking all these questions; because I am a
mere dull man of business, and you are a woman of business.

Dull? Miss Pross inquired, with placidity.  Rather wishing his modest adjective away, Mr. Lorry replied, No, no,
no.  That alone wouldn't make the
subject pleasant, I should think.

It was a profounder remark than Mr. Lorry had looked for.  Here they are! said Miss Pross, rising to break up the conference;
and now we shall have hundreds of people pretty soon!

It was such a curious corner in its acoustical properties, such a
peculiar Ear of a place, that as Mr. Lorry stood at the open window,
looking for the father and daughter whose steps he heard, he fancied
they would never approach.  But, no
Hundreds of people came to see the sights, and Mr. Lorry looked in vain
for the fulfilment of Miss Pross's prediction.  As everything turned upon her, and revolved about her,
they went out under the plane-tree, and she carried the wine down for
the special benefit of Mr. Lorry.  She had installed herself, some
time before, as Mr. Lorry's cup-bearer; and while they sat under the
plane-tree, talking, she kept his glass replenished.  But, he
said not a single word in reference to the discovery that had been told
of, and, as they went into the house, the business eye of Mr. Lorry
either detected, or fancied it detected, on his face, as it turned
towards Charles Darnay, the same singular look that had been upon it
when it turned towards him in the passages of the Court House.  He recovered himself so quickly, however, that Mr. Lorry had doubts of
his business eye.  The great bell of Saint Paul's was striking one in the cleared air, when
Mr. Lorry, escorted by Jerry, high-booted and bearing a lantern, set
forth on his return-passage to Clerkenwell.  There were solitary patches
of road on the way between Soho and Clerkenwell, and Mr. Lorry, mindful
of foot-pads, always retained Jerry for this service: though it was
usually performed a good two hours earlier.  Almost a night, Jerry, said Mr. Lorry, to
bring the dead out of their graves.

I never see the night myself, master--nor yet I don't expect to--what
would do that, answered Jerry.  His way taking him past Tellson's, and he both banking at Tellson's and
knowing Mr. Lorry as the intimate friend of the Manettes, it entered Mr.
Stryver's mind to enter the bank, and reveal to Mr. Lorry the brightness
of the Soho horizon.  So, he pushed open the door with the weak rattle
in its throat, stumbled down the two steps, got past the two ancient
cashiers, and shouldered himself into the musty back closet where Mr.
Lorry sat at great books ruled for figures, with perpendicular iron
bars to his window as if that were ruled for figures too, and everything
under the clouds were a sum.  The discreet Mr. Lorry said, in a sample tone of the voice he would
recommend under the circumstances, How do you do, Mr. Stryver?  He shook in a
self-abnegating way, as one who shook for Tellson and Co.

Can I do anything for you, Mr. Stryver? asked Mr. Lorry, in his
business character.  Why, no, thank you; this is a private visit to yourself, Mr. Lorry; I
have come for a private word.

Oh indeed! said Mr. Lorry, bending down his ear, while his eye strayed
to the House afar off.  Why, no, thank you; this is a private visit to yourself, Mr. Lorry; I
have come for a private word.

Oh indeed! said Mr. Lorry, bending down his ear, while his eye strayed
to the House afar off.  I am going, said Mr. Stryver, leaning his arms confidentially on the
desk: whereupon, although it was a large double one, there appeared to
be not half desk enough for him: I am going to make an offer of myself
in marriage to your agreeable little friend, Miss Manette, Mr. Lorry.

Oh dear me! cried Mr. Lorry, rubbing his chin, and looking at his
visitor dubiously.  What may your meaning be, Mr. Lorry?

My meaning, answered the man of business, is, of course, friendly and
appreciative, and that it does you the greatest credit, and--in short,
my meaning is everything you could desire.  But--really, you know, Mr.
Stryver-- Mr. Lorry paused, and shook his head at him in the oddest
manner, as if he were compelled against his will to add, internally,
you know there really is so much too much of you!

Well! said Stryver, slapping the desk with his contentious hand,
opening his eyes wider, and taking a long breath, if I understand you,
Mr. Lorry, I'll be hanged!

Mr. Lorry adjusted his little wig at both ears as a means towards that
end, and bit the feather of a pen.  But--really, you know, Mr.
Stryver-- Mr. Lorry paused, and shook his head at him in the oddest
manner, as if he were compelled against his will to add, internally,
you know there really is so much too much of you!

Well! said Stryver, slapping the desk with his contentious hand,
opening his eyes wider, and taking a long breath, if I understand you,
Mr. Lorry, I'll be hanged!

Mr. Lorry adjusted his little wig at both ears as a means towards that
end, and bit the feather of a pen.  But--really, you know, Mr.
Stryver-- Mr. Lorry paused, and shook his head at him in the oddest
manner, as if he were compelled against his will to add, internally,
you know there really is so much too much of you!

Well! said Stryver, slapping the desk with his contentious hand,
opening his eyes wider, and taking a long breath, if I understand you,
Mr. Lorry, I'll be hanged!

Mr. Lorry adjusted his little wig at both ears as a means towards that
end, and bit the feather of a pen.  Oh yes, you're eligible! said Mr. Lorry.  if you come to prosperous, you are prosperous, said Mr. Lorry.  And advancing?

If you come to advancing you know, said Mr. Lorry, delighted to be
able to make another admission, nobody can doubt that.

Then what on earth is your meaning, Mr. Lorry? demanded Stryver,
perceptibly crestfallen.  And advancing?

If you come to advancing you know, said Mr. Lorry, delighted to be
able to make another admission, nobody can doubt that.

Then what on earth is your meaning, Mr. Lorry? demanded Stryver,
perceptibly crestfallen.  I--Were you going there now? asked Mr. Lorry.  Why wouldn't you go?

Because, said Mr. Lorry, I wouldn't go on such an object without
having some cause to believe that I should succeed.

D--n _me_! cried Stryver, but this beats everything.

Mr. Lorry glanced at the distant House, and glanced at the angry
Stryver.  Why wouldn't you go?

Because, said Mr. Lorry, I wouldn't go on such an object without
having some cause to believe that I should succeed.

D--n _me_! cried Stryver, but this beats everything.

Mr. Lorry glanced at the distant House, and glanced at the angry
Stryver.  The young
lady, my good sir, said Mr. Lorry, mildly tapping the Stryver arm, the
young lady.  The young lady goes before all.

Then you mean to tell me, Mr. Lorry, said Stryver, squaring his
elbows, that it is your deliberate opinion that the young lady at
present in question is a mincing Fool?

Not exactly so.  I mean to tell you, Mr. Stryver, said Mr. Lorry,
reddening, that I will hear no disrespectful word of that young lady
from any lips; and that if I knew any man--which I hope I do not--whose
taste was so coarse, and whose temper was so overbearing, that he could
not restrain himself from speaking disrespectfully of that young lady at
this desk, not even Tellson's should prevent my giving him a piece of my
mind.

The necessity of being angry in a suppressed tone had put Mr. Stryver's
blood-vessels into a dangerous state when it was his turn to be angry;
Mr. Lorry's veins, methodical as their courses could usually be, were in
no better state now it was his turn.  I mean to tell you, Mr. Stryver, said Mr. Lorry,
reddening, that I will hear no disrespectful word of that young lady
from any lips; and that if I knew any man--which I hope I do not--whose
taste was so coarse, and whose temper was so overbearing, that he could
not restrain himself from speaking disrespectfully of that young lady at
this desk, not even Tellson's should prevent my giving him a piece of my
mind.

The necessity of being angry in a suppressed tone had put Mr. Stryver's
blood-vessels into a dangerous state when it was his turn to be angry;
Mr. Lorry's veins, methodical as their courses could usually be, were in
no better state now it was his turn.  That is what I mean to tell you, sir, said Mr. Lorry.  He broke the awkward silence by saying:

This is something new to me, Mr. Lorry.  Then I give it, and you have repeated it correctly.

And all I can say of it is, laughed Stryver with a vexed laugh, that
this--ha, ha!--beats everything past, present, and to come.

Now understand me, pursued Mr. Lorry.  It's
new to me, but you are right, I dare say.

What I suppose, Mr. Stryver, I claim to characterise for myself--And
understand me, sir, said Mr. Lorry, quickly flushing again, I
will not--not even at Tellson's--have it characterised for me by any
gentleman breathing.

There!  You shall not put me in the wrong, young lady, said Mr.
Stryver; I'll do that for you.

Accordingly, when Mr. Lorry called that night as late as ten o'clock,
Mr. Stryver, among a quantity of books and papers littered out for the
purpose, seemed to have nothing less on his mind than the subject of
the morning.  He even showed surprise when he saw Mr. Lorry, and was
altogether in an absent and preoccupied state.  What am I
thinking of!

And I have no doubt, said Mr. Lorry, that I was right in the
conversation we had.  I know this must always be a sore subject with the family; let
us say no more about it.

I don't understand you, said Mr. Lorry.  I dare say not, rejoined Stryver, nodding his head in a smoothing and
final way; no matter, no matter.

But it does matter, Mr. Lorry urged.  And I am really very much obliged to you for allowing me to sound you,
and for giving me your advice; you know the young lady better than I do;
you were right, it never would have done.

Mr. Lorry was so taken aback, that he looked quite stupidly at Mr.
Stryver shouldering him towards the door, with an appearance of
showering generosity, forbearance, and goodwill, on his erring head.  Make the best of it, my dear sir, said Stryver; say no more about it;
thank you again for allowing me to sound you; good night!

Mr. Lorry was out in the night, before he knew where he was.  There was no one bidden to the marriage but Mr. Lorry; there was even to
be no bridesmaid but the gaunt Miss Pross.  They were ready to go to church; the beautiful bride, Mr.
Lorry, and Miss Pross--to whom the event, through a gradual process of
reconcilement to the inevitable, would have been one of absolute bliss,
but for the yet lingering consideration that her brother Solomon should
have been the bridegroom.  And so, said Mr. Lorry, who could not sufficiently admire the bride,
and who had been moving round her to take in every point of her quiet,
pretty dress; and so it was for this, my sweet Lucie, that I brought
you across the Channel, such a baby!  Well; but don't cry, said the gentle Mr. Lorry.  I am not crying, said Miss Pross; _you_ are.

I, my Pross? (By this time, Mr. Lorry dared to be pleasant with her,
on occasion.)  There's not a fork or a spoon in the collection, said
Miss Pross, that I didn't cry over, last night after the box came, till
I couldn't see it.

I am highly gratified, said Mr. Lorry, though, upon my honour, I
had no intention of rendering those trifling articles of remembrance
invisible to any one.  Pooh! rejoined Miss Pross; you were a bachelor in your cradle.

Well! observed Mr. Lorry, beamingly adjusting his little wig, that
seems probable, too.

And you were cut out for a bachelor, pursued Miss Pross, before you
were put in your cradle.

Then, I think, said Mr. Lorry, that I was very unhandsomely dealt
with, and that I ought to have had a voice in the selection of my
pattern.  Pooh! rejoined Miss Pross; you were a bachelor in your cradle.

Well! observed Mr. Lorry, beamingly adjusting his little wig, that
seems probable, too.

And you were cut out for a bachelor, pursued Miss Pross, before you
were put in your cradle.

Then, I think, said Mr. Lorry, that I was very unhandsomely dealt
with, and that I ought to have had a voice in the selection of my
pattern.  But, in the composure of his manner he was unaltered, except that to the
shrewd glance of Mr. Lorry it disclosed some shadowy indication that the
old air of avoidance and dread had lately passed over him, like a cold
wind.  He gave his arm to his daughter, and took her down-stairs to the chariot
which Mr. Lorry had hired in honour of the day.  Besides the glancing tears that shone among the smiles of the little
group when it was done, some diamonds, very bright and sparkling,
glanced on the bride's hand, which were newly released from the
dark obscurity of one of Mr. Lorry's pockets.  The corner being out of the way of the idle and curious, and the
preparations having been very simple and few, the Doctor, Mr. Lorry,
and Miss Pross, were left quite alone.  It was when they turned into
the welcome shade of the cool old hall, that Mr. Lorry observed a great
change to have come over the Doctor; as if the golden arm uplifted
there, had struck him a poisoned blow.  But, it was
the old scared lost look that troubled Mr. Lorry; and through his absent
manner of clasping his head and drearily wandering away into his own
room when they got up-stairs, Mr. Lorry was reminded of Defarge the
wine-shop keeper, and the starlight ride.  Then, we will take him a ride into the country, and dine
there, and all will be well.

It was easier for Mr. Lorry to look in at Tellson's, than to look out of
Tellson's.  He doesn't know me, and is making shoes!

Mr. Lorry said what he could to calm her, and went himself into the
Doctor's room.  The only ray of hope that Mr. Lorry could discover, was, that
he sometimes furtively looked up without being asked.  Two things at once impressed themselves on Mr. Lorry, as important above
all others; the first, that this must be kept secret from Lucie;
the second, that it must be kept secret from all who knew him.  These measures, advisable to be taken in any case, Mr. Lorry took in
the hope of his coming to himself.  In the hope of his recovery, and of resort to this third course
being thereby rendered practicable, Mr. Lorry resolved to watch him
attentively, with as little appearance as possible of doing so.  Doctor Manette took what was given him to eat and drink, and worked on,
that first day, until it was too dark to see--worked on, half an hour
after Mr. Lorry could not have seen, for his life, to read or write.  When he put his tools aside as useless, until morning, Mr. Lorry rose
and said to him:

Will you go out?

He looked down at the floor on either side of him in the old manner,
looked up in the old manner, and repeated in the old low voice:

Out?

Yes; for a walk with me.  But, Mr.
Lorry thought he saw, as he leaned forward on his bench in the dusk,
with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands, that he was in
some misty way asking himself, Why not? The sagacity of the man of
business perceived an advantage here, and determined to hold it.  On this second day, Mr. Lorry saluted him cheerfully by his name,
and spoke to him on topics that had been of late familiar to them.  This encouraged Mr. Lorry
to have Miss Pross in with her work, several times during the day;
at those times, they quietly spoke of Lucie, and of her father then
present, precisely in the usual manner, and as if there were nothing
amiss.  When it fell dark again, Mr. Lorry asked him as before:

Dear Doctor, will you go out?

As before, he repeated, Out?

Yes; for a walk with me.  Why not?

This time, Mr. Lorry feigned to go out when he could extract no answer
from him, and, after remaining absent for an hour, returned.  In the
meanwhile, the Doctor had removed to the seat in the window, and had
sat there looking down at the plane-tree; but, on Mr. Lorry's return, he
slipped away to his bench.  The time went very slowly on, and Mr. Lorry's hope darkened, and his
heart grew heavier again, and grew yet heavier and heavier every day.  With a hope ever darkening, and with a heart always growing heavier and
heavier, Mr. Lorry passed through this anxious time.  An Opinion


Worn out by anxious watching, Mr. Lorry fell asleep at his post.  He was in his usual morning dress, and his face (which
Mr. Lorry could distinctly see), though still very pale, was calmly
studious and attentive.  Even when he had satisfied himself that he was awake, Mr. Lorry felt
giddily uncertain for some few moments whether the late shoemaking might
not be a disturbed dream of his own; for, did not his eyes show him his
friend before him in his accustomed clothing and aspect, and employed
as usual; and was there any sign within their range, that the change of
which he had so strong an impression had actually happened?  If he appeared to be in his customary state of mind, Mr.
Lorry would then cautiously proceed to seek direction and guidance from
the opinion he had been, in his anxiety, so anxious to obtain.  Having abundance of time for his usual methodical
toilette, Mr. Lorry presented himself at the breakfast-hour in his usual
white linen, and with his usual neat leg.  So far as it was possible to comprehend him without overstepping those
delicate and gradual approaches which Mr. Lorry felt to be the only safe
advance, he at first supposed that his daughter's marriage had taken
place yesterday.  In all other respects, however,
he was so composedly himself, that Mr. Lorry determined to have the aid
he sought.  Therefore, when the breakfast was done and cleared away, and he and the
Doctor were left together, Mr. Lorry said, feelingly:

My dear Manette, I am anxious to have your opinion, in confidence, on a
very curious case in which I am deeply interested; that is to say, it is
very curious to me; perhaps, to your better information it may be less
so.

Glancing at his hands, which were discoloured by his late work, the
Doctor looked troubled, and listened attentively.  Doctor Manette, said Mr. Lorry, touching him affectionately on the
arm, the case is the case of a particularly dear friend of mine.  Spare no detail.

Mr. Lorry saw that they understood one another, and proceeded.  That was
very thoughtful! Mr. Lorry grasped his hand in return, and neither of
the two spoke for a little while.  Now, my dear Manette, said Mr. Lorry, at length, in his most
considerate and most affectionate way, I am a mere man of business,
and unfit to cope with such intricate and difficult matters.  Pray discuss it with me; pray enable me to see it a little more clearly,
and teach me how to be a little more useful.

Doctor Manette sat meditating after these earnest words were spoken, and
Mr. Lorry did not press him.  I think it probable, said the Doctor, breaking silence with an effort,
that the relapse you have described, my dear friend, was not quite
unforeseen by its subject.

Was it dreaded by him? Mr. Lorry ventured to ask.  You have no idea how such an apprehension weighs on the sufferer's
mind, and how difficult--how almost impossible--it is, for him to force
himself to utter a word upon the topic that oppresses him.

Would he, asked Mr. Lorry, be sensibly relieved if he could prevail
upon himself to impart that secret brooding to any one, when it is on
him?

I think so.  I even
believe it--in some cases--to be quite impossible.

Now, said Mr. Lorry, gently laying his hand on the Doctor's arm again,
after a short silence on both sides, to what would you refer this
attack?

I believe, returned Doctor Manette, that there had been a strong and
extraordinary revival of the train of thought and remembrance that
was the first cause of the malady.  He tried to prepare himself in vain; perhaps the
effort to prepare himself made him less able to bear it.

Would he remember what took place in the relapse? asked Mr. Lorry,
with natural hesitation.  The Doctor looked desolately round the room, shook his head, and
answered, in a low voice, Not at all.

Now, as to the future, hinted Mr. Lorry.  I am thankful! said Mr. Lorry.  There are two other points, said Mr. Lorry, on which I am anxious to
be instructed.  The occupation resumed under the influence of this passing affliction
so happily recovered from, said Mr. Lorry, clearing his throat, we
will call--Blacksmith's work, Blacksmith's work.  He has always kept it by him, said Mr. Lorry, with an anxious look at
his friend.  You do not find it easy to advise me? said Mr. Lorry.  You see, too, said the Doctor, tremulously, it is such an old
companion.

I would not keep it, said Mr. Lorry, shaking his head; for he gained
in firmness as he saw the Doctor disquieted.  Let it be removed when he is not there;
let him miss his old companion after an absence.

Mr. Lorry readily engaged for that, and the conference was ended.  The precaution that
had been taken to account for his silence, Mr. Lorry had previously
explained to him, and he had written to Lucie in accordance with it, and
she had no suspicions.  On the night of the day on which he left the house, Mr. Lorry went into
his room with a chopper, saw, chisel, and hammer, attended by Miss Pross
carrying a light.  There, with closed doors, and in a mysterious and
guilty manner, Mr. Lorry hacked the shoemaker's bench to pieces, while
Miss Pross held the candle as if she were assisting at a murder--for
which, indeed, in her grimness, she was no unsuitable figure.  So wicked do destruction
and secrecy appear to honest minds, that Mr. Lorry and Miss Pross,
while engaged in the commission of their deed and in the removal of its
traces, almost felt, and almost looked, like accomplices in a horrible
crime.  When he was gone, and in the course of an evening passed with Miss
Pross, the Doctor, and Mr. Lorry, Charles Darnay made some mention of
this conversation in general terms, and spoke of Sydney Carton as a
problem of carelessness and recklessness.  On a night in mid-July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, Mr.
Lorry came in late, from Tellson's, and sat himself down by Lucie and
her husband in the dark window.  I began to think, said Mr. Lorry, pushing his brown wig back, that
I should have to pass the night at Tellson's.  Some of us at Tellson's are
getting old, and we really can't be troubled out of the ordinary course
without due occasion.

Still, said Darnay, you know how gloomy and threatening the sky is.

I know that, to be sure, assented Mr. Lorry, trying to persuade
himself that his sweet temper was soured, and that he grumbled, but I
am determined to be peevish after my long day's botheration.  Now,
come and take your place in the circle, and let us sit quiet, and hear
the echoes about which you have your theory.

Not a theory; it was a fancy.

A fancy, then, my wise pet, said Mr. Lorry, patting her hand.  On a steaming, misty afternoon, Mr. Lorry sat at his desk, and Charles
Darnay stood leaning on it, talking with him in a low voice.  That I am too old? said Mr. Lorry.  Unsettled weather, a long journey, uncertain means of travelling, a
disorganised country, a city that may not be even safe for you.

My dear Charles, said Mr. Lorry, with cheerful confidence, you touch
some of the reasons for my going: not for my staying away.  You are a pretty fellow to object and advise! exclaimed Mr.
Lorry.  You
are a wise counsellor.

My dear Mr. Lorry, it is because I am a Frenchman born, that the
thought (which I did not mean to utter here, however) has passed through
my mind often.  Only last night,
after you had left us, when I was talking to Lucie--

When you were talking to Lucie, Mr. Lorry repeated.  The truth is, my dear Charles, Mr. Lorry
glanced at the distant House, and lowered his voice, you can have no
conception of the difficulty with which our business is transacted, and
of the peril in which our books and papers over yonder are involved.  Nonsense, sir!--And, my dear Charles, said Mr. Lorry, glancing at
the House again, you are to remember, that getting things out of
Paris at this present time, no matter what things, is next to an
impossibility.  Time enough, then, to think about growing old.

This dialogue had taken place at Mr. Lorry's usual desk, with
Monseigneur swarming within a yard or two of it, boastful of what he
would do to avenge himself on the rascal-people before long.  The House approached Mr. Lorry, and laying a soiled and unopened letter
before him, asked if he had yet discovered any traces of the person to
whom it was addressed?  Nobody else knew it to be his name; his own wife had no
suspicion of the fact; Mr. Lorry could have none.  No, said Mr. Lorry, in reply to the House; I have referred it,
I think, to everybody now here, and no one can tell me where this
gentleman is to be found.

The hands of the clock verging upon the hour of closing the Bank, there
was a general set of the current of talkers past Mr. Lorry's desk.  No, said Mr. Lorry, in reply to the House; I have referred it,
I think, to everybody now here, and no one can tell me where this
gentleman is to be found.

The hands of the clock verging upon the hour of closing the Bank, there
was a general set of the current of talkers past Mr. Lorry's desk.  Will you take charge of the letter? said Mr. Lorry.  He walked to and fro, with thoughts very busy, until it was time to
return to Tellson's and take leave of Mr. Lorry.  I have delivered that letter, said Charles Darnay to Mr. Lorry.  I
would not consent to your being charged with any written answer, but
perhaps you will take a verbal one?

That I will, and readily, said Mr. Lorry, if it is not dangerous.

Not at all.  Though it is to a prisoner in the Abbaye.

What is his name? said Mr. Lorry, with his open pocket-book in his
hand.  '

Any time mentioned?

He will start upon his journey to-morrow night.

Any person mentioned?

No.

He helped Mr. Lorry to wrap himself in a number of coats and cloaks,
and went out with him from the warm atmosphere of the old Bank, into the
misty air of Fleet-street.  My love to Lucie, and to little Lucie, said
Mr. Lorry at parting, and take precious care of them till I come back.
 Charles Darnay shook his head and doubtfully smiled, as the carriage
rolled away.  He, therefore, made haste to say:

It is of the utmost importance to me (you know, Citizen, even better
than I, of how much importance), that I should be able to communicate to
Mr. Lorry of Tellson's Bank, an English gentleman who is now in Paris,
the simple fact, without comment, that I have been thrown into the
prison of La Force.  Rising and looking out of window at these harmless
objects, Mr. Lorry shivered, and retired to his seat by the fire.  Thank God, said Mr. Lorry, clasping his hands, that no one near and
dear to me is in this dreadful town to-night.  What is this? cried Mr. Lorry, breathless and confused.  Don't look! cried Mr. Lorry.  Don't look! cried Mr. Lorry, absolutely desperate.  They are, Mr. Lorry whispered the words, glancing fearfully round at
the locked room, murdering the prisoners.  It
may be too late, I don't know, but let it not be a minute later!

Doctor Manette pressed his hand, hastened bareheaded out of the room,
and was in the courtyard when Mr. Lorry regained the blind.  For a few moments there was a pause, and a hurry, and a murmur, and
the unintelligible sound of his voice; and then Mr. Lorry saw him,
surrounded by all, and in the midst of a line of twenty men long, all
linked shoulder to shoulder, and hand to shoulder, hurried out with
cries of--Live the Bastille prisoner!  The soldiers' swords are
sharpened there, said Mr. Lorry.  The great grindstone, Earth, had turned when Mr. Lorry looked out again,
and the sun was red on the courtyard.  The Shadow


One of the first considerations which arose in the business mind of Mr.
Lorry when business hours came round, was this:--that he had no right to
imperil Tellson's by sheltering the wife of an emigrant prisoner under
the Bank roof.  Noon coming, and the Doctor not returning, and every minute's delay
tending to compromise Tellson's, Mr. Lorry advised with Lucie.  As there was no business objection to
this, and as he foresaw that even if it were all well with Charles, and
he were to be released, he could not hope to leave the city, Mr. Lorry
went out in quest of such a lodging, and found a suitable one, high up
in a removed by-street where the closed blinds in all the other windows
of a high melancholy square of buildings marked deserted homes.  Your servant, said Mr. Lorry.  For answer he repeated, without any change of
emphasis, the words:

Do you know me?

I have seen you somewhere.

Perhaps at my wine-shop?

Much interested and agitated, Mr. Lorry said: You come from Doctor
Manette?

Yes.  Will you accompany me, said Mr. Lorry, joyfully relieved after reading
this note aloud, to where his wife resides?

Yes, returned Defarge.  Scarcely noticing as yet, in what a curiously reserved and mechanical
way Defarge spoke, Mr. Lorry put on his hat and they went down into the
courtyard.  Madame Defarge, surely! said Mr. Lorry, who had left her in exactly
the same attitude some seventeen years ago.  Does Madame go with us? inquired Mr. Lorry, seeing that she moved as
they moved.  It is for their safety.

Beginning to be struck by Defarge's manner, Mr. Lorry looked dubiously
at him, and led the way.  She was thrown into a transport by the
tidings Mr. Lorry gave her of her husband, and clasped the hand that
delivered his note--little thinking what it had been doing near him in
the night, and might, but for a chance, have done to him.  My dear, said Mr. Lorry, striking in to explain; there are frequent
risings in the streets; and, although it is not likely they will ever
trouble you, Madame Defarge wishes to see those whom she has the power
to protect at such times, to the end that she may know them--that she
may identify them.  I believe, said Mr. Lorry, rather halting in his
reassuring words, as the stony manner of all the three impressed itself
upon him more and more, I state the case, Citizen Defarge?

Defarge looked gloomily at his wife, and gave no other answer than a
gruff sound of acquiescence.  You had better, Lucie, said Mr. Lorry, doing all he could to
propitiate, by tone and manner, have the dear child here, and our
good Pross.  Yes, madame, answered Mr. Lorry; this is our poor prisoner's darling
daughter, and only child.

The shadow attendant on Madame Defarge and her party seemed to fall so
threatening and dark on the child, that her mother instinctively
kneeled on the ground beside her, and held her to her breast.  Courage, my dear Lucie, said Mr. Lorry, as he raised her.  Cheer up, and have a thankful heart.

I am not thankless, I hope, but that dreadful woman seems to throw a
shadow on me and on all my hopes.

Tut, tut! said Mr. Lorry; what is this despondency in the brave
little breast?  To Mr. Lorry, the Doctor communicated under an injunction of secrecy on
which he had no need to dwell, that the crowd had taken him through a
scene of carnage to the prison of La Force.  As Mr. Lorry received these confidences, and as he watched the face of
his friend now sixty-two years of age, a misgiving arose within him that
such dread experiences would revive the old danger.  This new life of the Doctor's was an anxious life, no doubt; still, the
sagacious Mr. Lorry saw that there was a new sustaining pride in it.  All
curious to see, thought Mr. Lorry, in his amiably shrewd way, but all
natural and right; so, take the lead, my dear friend, and keep it; it
couldn't be in better hands.

But, though the Doctor tried hard, and never ceased trying, to get
Charles Darnay set at liberty, or at least to get him brought to trial,
the public current of the time set too strong and fast for him.  Who could that be with Mr. Lorry--the owner of the riding-coat upon the
chair--who must not be seen?  As well as the prisoner could see, he and Mr.
Lorry were the only men there, unconnected with the Tribunal, who
wore their usual clothes, and had not assumed the coarse garb of the
Carmagnole.  After grasping the Doctor's hand, as he stood victorious and proud
before him; after grasping the hand of Mr. Lorry, who came panting in
breathless from his struggle against the waterspout of the Carmagnole;
after kissing little Lucie, who was lifted up to clasp her arms round
his neck; and after embracing the ever zealous and faithful Pross who
lifted her; he took his wife in his arms, and carried her up to their
rooms.  Partly on this account, and
partly to avoid a domestic spy, they kept no servant; the citizen and
citizeness who acted as porters at the courtyard gate, rendered them
occasional service; and Jerry (almost wholly transferred to them by
Mr. Lorry) had become their daily retainer, and had his bed there every
night.  As if Mr. Lorry had not known it for a fact, years
ago, in the quiet corner in Soho, that this precious brother had spent
her money and left her!  I arrived at Mr. Lorry's, to his
surprise, yesterday evening; we agreed that I would not present myself
elsewhere until all was well, or unless I could be useful; I present
myself here, to beg a little talk with your brother.  This is not a good city,
at this time, for you to be out in, unprotected; and as your escort
knows Mr. Barsad, I will invite him to Mr. Lorry's with us.  They left her at the corner of the street, and Carton led the way to Mr.
Lorry's, which was within a few minutes' walk.  Pray sit down.

As he took a chair himself, he supplied the link that Mr. Lorry wanted,
by saying to him with a frown, Witness at that trial. Mr. Lorry
immediately remembered, and regarded his new visitor with an undisguised
look of abhorrence.  Pray sit down.

As he took a chair himself, he supplied the link that Mr. Lorry wanted,
by saying to him with a frown, Witness at that trial. Mr. Lorry
immediately remembered, and regarded his new visitor with an undisguised
look of abhorrence.  There is no
earthly doubt that he is retaken.

Mr. Lorry's business eye read in the speaker's face that it was loss
of time to dwell upon the point.  I own
to you, I am shaken, Mr. Lorry, by Doctor Manette's not having had the
power to prevent this arrest.

He may not have known of it beforehand, said Mr. Lorry.  I own
to you, I am shaken, Mr. Lorry, by Doctor Manette's not having had the
power to prevent this arrest.

He may not have known of it beforehand, said Mr. Lorry.  But that very circumstance would be alarming, when we remember how
identified he is with his son-in-law.

That's true, Mr. Lorry acknowledged, with his troubled hand at his
chin, and his troubled eyes on Carton.  I'll see what I hold,--Mr. Lorry, you know what a
brute I am; I wish you'd give me a little brandy.

It was put before him, and he drank off a glassful--drank off another
glassful--pushed the bottle thoughtfully away.  Do you play?

I think, sir, said the spy, in the meanest manner, as he turned to Mr.
Lorry, I may appeal to a gentleman of your years and benevolence, to
put it to this other gentleman, so much your junior, whether he can
under any circumstances reconcile it to his station to play that Ace
of which he has spoken.  I admit that _I_ am a spy, and that it is
considered a discreditable station--though it must be filled by
somebody; but this gentleman is no spy, and why should he so demean
himself as to make himself one?

I play my Ace, Mr. Barsad, said Carton, taking the answer on himself,
and looking at his watch, without any scruple, in a very few minutes.

I should have hoped, gentlemen both, said the spy, always striving to
hook Mr. Lorry into the discussion, that your respect for my sister--

I could not better testify my respect for your sister than by finally
relieving her of her brother, said Sydney Carton.  His unpopularity with the blackguard
multitude at the moment prevented my following his remains, but I helped
to lay him in his coffin.

Here, Mr. Lorry became aware, from where he sat, of a most remarkable
goblin shadow on the wall.  You may take
it in your hand; it's no forgery.

Here, Mr. Lorry perceived the reflection on the wall to elongate, and
Mr. Cruncher rose and stepped forward.  I'd catch hold of your throat and choke you for half a guinea.

Sydney Carton, who, with Mr. Lorry, had been lost in amazement at
this turn of the business, here requested Mr. Cruncher to moderate and
explain himself.  The Game Made


While Sydney Carton and the Sheep of the prisons were in the adjoining
dark room, speaking so low that not a sound was heard, Mr. Lorry looked
at Jerry in considerable doubt and mistrust.  That honest tradesman's
manner of receiving the look, did not inspire confidence; he changed the
leg on which he rested, as often as if he had fifty of those limbs,
and were trying them all; he examined his finger-nails with a very
questionable closeness of attention; and whenever Mr. Lorry's eye caught
his, he was taken with that peculiar kind of short cough requiring the
hollow of a hand before it, which is seldom, if ever, known to be an
infirmity attendant on perfect openness of character.  Jerry, said Mr. Lorry.  What have you been, besides a messenger?

After some cogitation, accompanied with an intent look at his patron,
Mr. Cruncher conceived the luminous idea of replying, Agicultooral
character.

My mind misgives me much, said Mr. Lorry, angrily shaking a forefinger
at him, that you have used the respectable and great house of Tellson's
as a blind, and that you have had an unlawful occupation of an infamous
description.  And wot little a man did get, would never
prosper with him, Mr. Lorry.  He'd never have no good of it; he'd want
all along to be out of the line, if he, could see his way out, being
once in--even if it wos so.

Ugh! cried Mr. Lorry, rather relenting, nevertheless, I am shocked at
the sight of you.

Now, what I would humbly offer to you, sir, pursued Mr. Cruncher,
even if it wos so, which I don't say it is--

Don't prevaricate, said Mr. Lorry.  He'd never have no good of it; he'd want
all along to be out of the line, if he, could see his way out, being
once in--even if it wos so.

Ugh! cried Mr. Lorry, rather relenting, nevertheless, I am shocked at
the sight of you.

Now, what I would humbly offer to you, sir, pursued Mr. Cruncher,
even if it wos so, which I don't say it is--

Don't prevaricate, said Mr. Lorry.  That, Mr. Lorry, said Mr. Cruncher, wiping his forehead with his
arm, as an announcement that he had arrived at the peroration of his
discourse, is wot I would respectfully offer to you, sir.  And these here would be mine, if it wos so, entreatin' of you
fur to bear in mind that wot I said just now, I up and said in the good
cause when I might have kep' it back.

That at least is true, said Mr. Lorry.  Adieu, Mr. Barsad, said the former; our
arrangement thus made, you have nothing to fear from me.

He sat down in a chair on the hearth, over against Mr. Lorry.  When they
were alone, Mr. Lorry asked him what he had done?  If it should go ill with the prisoner, I have ensured access
to him, once.

Mr. Lorry's countenance fell.  There is no help for it.

But access to him, said Mr. Lorry, if it should go ill before the
Tribunal, will not save him.

I never said it would.

Mr. Lorry's eyes gradually sought the fire; his sympathy with his
darling, and the heavy disappointment of his second arrest, gradually
weakened them; he was an old man now, overborne with anxiety of late,
and his tears fell.  There is no help for it.

But access to him, said Mr. Lorry, if it should go ill before the
Tribunal, will not save him.

I never said it would.

Mr. Lorry's eyes gradually sought the fire; his sympathy with his
darling, and the heavy disappointment of his second arrest, gradually
weakened them; he was an old man now, overborne with anxiety of late,
and his tears fell.  You are free from that misfortune,
however.

Though he said the last words, with a slip into his usual manner, there
was a true feeling and respect both in his tone and in his touch,
that Mr. Lorry, who had never seen the better side of him, was wholly
unprepared for.  She might think it was contrived, in case of the worse, to convey
to him the means of anticipating the sentence.

Mr. Lorry had not thought of that, and he looked quickly at Carton to
see if it were in his mind.  It
attracted Mr. Lorry's eyes to Carton's face, which was turned to the
fire.  His indifference to fire was
sufficiently remarkable to elicit a word of remonstrance from Mr. Lorry;
his boot was still upon the hot embers of the flaming log, when it had
broken under the weight of his foot.  How many people will miss
you when you leave it empty!

A solitary old bachelor, answered Mr. Lorry, shaking his head.  Do the
days when you sat at your mother's knee, seem days of very long ago?

Responding to his softened manner, Mr. Lorry answered:

Twenty years back, yes; at this time of my life, no.  And
you are the better for it?

I hope so.

Carton terminated the conversation here, by rising to help him on with
his outer coat; But you, said Mr. Lorry, reverting to the theme, you
are young.

Yes, said Carton.  Enough of me.

And of me, I am sure, said Mr. Lorry.  Take my arm, sir.

Mr. Lorry did so, and they went down-stairs and out in the streets.  A
few minutes brought them to Mr. Lorry's destination.  As its silent track
in the water disappeared, the prayer that had broken up out of his heart
for a merciful consideration of all his poor blindnesses and errors,
ended in the words, I am the resurrection and the life.

Mr. Lorry was already out when he got back, and it was easy to surmise
where the good old man was gone.  Only her father and Mr. Lorry were
with her.  The child, who was nearest to
him, told them afterwards, and told her grandchildren when she was a
handsome old lady, that she heard him say, A life you love.

When he had gone out into the next room, he turned suddenly on Mr. Lorry
and her father, who were following, and said to the latter:

You had great influence but yesterday, Doctor Manette; let it at least
be tried.  If I
go to Mr. Lorry's at nine, shall I hear what you have done, either from
our friend or from yourself?

Yes.

May you prosper!

Mr. Lorry followed Sydney to the outer door, and, touching him on the
shoulder as he was going away, caused him to turn.  If I
go to Mr. Lorry's at nine, shall I hear what you have done, either from
our friend or from yourself?

Yes.

May you prosper!

Mr. Lorry followed Sydney to the outer door, and, touching him on the
shoulder as he was going away, caused him to turn.  I have no hope, said Mr. Lorry, in a low and sorrowful whisper.  Nor have I.

If any one of these men, or all of these men, were disposed to spare
him--which is a large supposition; for what is his life, or any man's
to them!--I doubt if they durst spare him after the demonstration in the
court.

And so do I. I heard the fall of the axe in that sound.

Mr. Lorry leaned his arm upon the door-post, and bowed his face upon it.  Otherwise, she might think 'his life was wantonly
thrown away or wasted,' and that might trouble her.

Yes, yes, yes, returned Mr. Lorry, drying his eyes, you are right.  Since last night he
had taken nothing but a little light thin wine, and last night he had
dropped the brandy slowly down on Mr. Lorry's hearth like a man who had
done with it.  At the appointed hour, he emerged from it to present
himself in Mr. Lorry's room again, where he found the old gentleman
walking to and fro in restless anxiety.  As if all that had happened since the garret
time were a momentary fancy, or a dream, Mr. Lorry saw him shrink into
the exact figure that Defarge had had in keeping.  Don't ask me why I make the stipulations I am going to make, and
exact the promise I am going to exact; I have a reason--a good one.

I do not doubt it, answered Mr. Lorry.  He opened it, and
exclaimed, Thank _God!_

What is it? asked Mr. Lorry, eagerly.  You see--Sydney Carton,
an Englishman?

Mr. Lorry held it open in his hand, gazing in his earnest face.  Early to-morrow have your
horses ready, so that they may be in starting trim at two o'clock in the
afternoon.

It shall be done!

His manner was so fervent and inspiring, that Mr. Lorry caught the
flame, and was as quick as youth.  Wait for nothing but to have my place occupied, and
then for England!

Why, then, said Mr. Lorry, grasping his eager but so firm and steady
hand, it does not all depend on one old man, but I shall have a young
and ardent man at my side.

By the help of Heaven you shall!  To Mr. Lorry, he commended them all, and explained his worldly affairs.  Take him yourself to the courtyard you know of, place
him yourself in the carriage, show him yourself to Mr. Lorry, tell him
yourself to give him no restorative but air, and to remember my words of
last night, and his promise of last night, and drive away!

The Spy withdrew, and Carton seated himself at the table, resting his
forehead on his hands.  Speak then!

What is it? asks Mr. Lorry, looking out at window.  She saw a tight,
hard, wiry woman before her, as Mr. Lorry had seen in the same figure a
woman with a strong hand, in the years gone by. 

Frase lunga: A wild-looking woman, whom even in his agitation, Mr. Lorry observed to
be all of a red colour, and to have red hair, and to be dressed in some
extraordinary tight-fitting fashion, and to have on her head a most
wonderful bonnet like a Grenadier wooden measure, and good measure too,
or a great Stilton cheese, came running into the room in advance of the
inn servants, and soon settled the question of his detachment from the
poor young lady, by laying a brawny hand upon his chest, and sending him
flying back against the nearest wall. 
Frase corta: No.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Mr.', 380), ('Lorry', 342), ('Doctor', 32), ('Miss', 31), ('hand', 29), ('Stryver', 29), ('Pross', 27), ('Manette', 23), ('business', 23), ('man', 19)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('said', 124), ('was', 113), ('had', 89), ('be', 78), ('have', 76), ('is', 69), ('were', 43), ('do', 31), ('am', 31), ('know', 27)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Mr. Lorry', 307), (' Mr.', 41), (' Lorry', 35), (' Miss Pross', 21), (' Mr. Stryver', 14), (' Stryver', 12), (' Tellson', 10), (' Defarge', 9), (' Doctor Manette', 9), (' Doctor', 9)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Well', 7), (' Lucie', 6), (' Doctor', 5), (' Pray', 4), (' Speak', 3), (' Carton', 3), (' Pooh', 2), (' Paris', 2), (' Adieu', 1), (' Noon', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['Sunday'], ['July'], ['May'], ['May']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Mr. Lorry took it in his hand. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Defarge 
Frequenza: 136 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Madame Defarge was a stout woman of about his own age, with
a watchful eye that seldom seemed to look at anything, a large hand
heavily ringed, a steady face, strong features, and great composure of
manner.  Is it not so, Jacques?

It is so, Jacques, Monsieur Defarge returned.  Madame Defarge
knitted with nimble fingers and steady eyebrows, and saw nothing.  Is it possible! repeated Defarge, bitterly.  That's well, friend Defarge.  Defarge drew out the key, closed the door, locked it on the inside,
took out the key again, and held it in his hand.  I want, said Defarge, who had not removed his gaze from the shoemaker,
to let in a little more light here.  Are you going to finish that pair of shoes to-day? asked Defarge,
motioning to Mr. Lorry to come forward.  Come! said Defarge.  And the maker's name? said Defarge.  His haggard eyes turned to Defarge as if he would have transferred the
question to him: but as no help came from that quarter, they turned back
on the questioner when they had sought the ground.  Monsieur Manette; Mr. Lorry laid his hand upon Defarge's arm; do you
remember nothing of this man?  Have you recognised him, monsieur? asked Defarge in a whisper.  More fit for that, I think, than to remain in this city, so dreadful to
him.

It is true, said Defarge, who was kneeling to look on and hear.  In any case, I will take care of him until
you return, and then we will remove him straight.

Both Mr. Lorry and Defarge were rather disinclined to this course, and
in favour of one of them remaining.  Monsieur Defarge put this provender, and the
lamp he carried, on the shoemaker's bench (there was nothing else in the
garret but a pallet bed), and he and Mr. Lorry roused the captive, and
assisted him to his feet.  Madame
Defarge immediately called to her husband that she would get them, and
went, knitting, out of the lamplight, through the courtyard.  Defarge got upon the box, and gave the word To the Barrier! The
postilion cracked his whip, and they clattered away under the feeble
over-swinging lamps.  Your papers,
travellers! See here then, Monsieur the Officer, said Defarge,
getting down, and taking him gravely apart, these are the papers of
monsieur inside, with the white head.  Monsieur Defarge sold a very thin wine at the best
of times, but it would seem to have been an unusually thin wine that
he sold at this time.  It elicited
an answering chorus of Good day!

It is bad weather, gentlemen, said Defarge, shaking his head.  My wife, said Defarge aloud, addressing Madame Defarge: I have
travelled certain leagues with this good mender of roads, called
Jacques.  Madame Defarge set wine before the
mender of roads called Jacques, who doffed his blue cap to the company,
and drank.  Defarge refreshed himself with a draught of wine--but, he took less
than was given to the stranger, as being himself a man to whom it was no
rarity--and stood waiting until the countryman had made his breakfast.  Defarge closed the door carefully, and spoke in a subdued voice:

Jacques One, Jacques Two, Jacques Three!  My faith, messieurs, I offer nothing.

He is right there, Jacques, murmured Defarge, to him who had
interrupted.  Nine, ten, eleven?

No matter, the number, said Defarge.  Observant of his unwillingness to mar the effect by
opening it again, Defarge said, Go on, Jacques.

All the village, pursued the mender of roads, on tiptoe and in a low
voice, withdraws; all the village whispers by the fountain; all the
village sleeps; all the village dreams of that unhappy one, within the
locks and bars of the prison on the crag, and never to come out of it,
except to perish.  He has no
hand free, to wave to me; I dare not call to him; he regards me like a
dead man.

Defarge and the three glanced darkly at one another.  They had the air of a rough tribunal; Jacques One
and Two sitting on the old pallet-bed, each with his chin resting on
his hand, and his eyes intent on the road-mender; Jacques Three, equally
intent, on one knee behind them, with his agitated hand always gliding
over the network of fine nerves about his mouth and nose; Defarge
standing between them and the narrator, whom he had stationed in the
light of the window, by turns looking from him to them, and from them to
him.  Go on, Jacques, said Defarge.  It is Defarge whom you see here, who, at the
hazard of his life, darted out before the horses, with the petition in
his hand.

And once again listen, Jacques! said the kneeling Number Three:
his fingers ever wandering over and over those fine nerves, with a
strikingly greedy air, as if he hungered for something--that was neither
food nor drink; the guard, horse and foot, surrounded the petitioner,
and struck him blows.  You hear?

I hear, messieurs.

Go on then, said Defarge.  It was done when you were more than ten years old; you might have seen
it.

Enough! said Defarge, with grim impatience.  Whom Defarge escorted to the
top of the stairs, and, leaving seated there, returned.  To be registered?

To be registered, as doomed to destruction, returned Defarge.  The chateau and all the race, returned Defarge.  Without doubt it is
safe, for no one beyond ourselves can decipher it; but shall we always
be able to decipher it--or, I ought to say, will she?

Jacques, returned Defarge, drawing himself up, if madame my wife
undertook to keep the register in her memory alone, she would not lose
a word of it--not a syllable of it.  He is
very simple; is he not a little dangerous?

He knows nothing, said Defarge; at least nothing more than would
easily elevate himself to a gallows of the same height.  Is it a good sign, that he
wishes to see Royalty and Nobility?

Jacques, said Defarge; judiciously show a cat milk, if you wish her
to thirst for it.  Worse quarters than Defarge's wine-shop, could easily have been found
in Paris for a provincial slave of that degree.  During the whole of this scene, which lasted some three
hours, he had plenty of shouting and weeping and sentimental company,
and throughout Defarge held him by the collar, as if to restrain him
from flying at the objects of his brief devotion and tearing them to
pieces.  Bravo! said Defarge, clapping him on the back when it was over, like a
patron; you are a good boy!

The mender of roads was now coming to himself, and was mistrustful of
having made a mistake in his late demonstrations; but no.  You are the fellow we want, said Defarge, in his ear; you make
these fools believe that it will last for ever.  Monsieur Defarge alighted; knowing one or two
of the soldiery there, and one of the police.  His name?

Barsad, said Defarge, making it French by pronunciation.  All this while, Defarge, with his pipe in his mouth, walked
up and down, complacently admiring, but never interfering; in which
condition, indeed, as to the business and his domestic affairs, he
walked up and down through life.  Monsieur Defarge's olfactory sense was
by no means delicate, but the stock of wine smelt much stronger than
it ever tasted, and so did the stock of rum and brandy and aniseed.  Oh, the men, the men!

But my dear! began Defarge.  You are
faint of heart to-night, my dear!

Well, then, said Defarge, as if a thought were wrung out of his
breast, it _is_ a long time.

It is a long time, repeated his wife; and when is it not a long time?  Vengeance and retribution require a long time; it is the rule.

It does not take a long time to strike a man with Lightning, said
Defarge.  Tell me.

Defarge raised his head thoughtfully, as if there were something in that
too.  Tell me how long it takes to prepare the
earthquake?

A long time, I suppose, said Defarge.  I mock
you.

My brave wife, returned Defarge, standing before her with his head
a little bent, and his hands clasped at his back, like a docile and
attentive pupil before his catechist, I do not question all this.  Well! said Defarge, with a half complaining and half apologetic shrug.  Hold! cried Defarge, reddening a little as if he felt charged with
cowardice; I too, my dear, will stop at nothing.

Yes!  As the keeper of the wine-shop entered at the door, the spy saluted
him by touching his hat, and saying, with an engaging smile, Good day,
Jacques! Defarge stopped short, and stared at him.  I am Ernest Defarge.

It is all the same, said the spy, airily, but discomfited too: good
day!

Good day! answered Defarge, drily.  I was saying to madame, with whom I had the pleasure of chatting when
you entered, that they tell me there is--and no wonder!--much sympathy
and anger in Saint Antoine, touching the unhappy fate of poor Gaspard.

No one has told me so, said Defarge, shaking his head.  Madame Defarge poured it
out for him, took to her knitting again, and hummed a little song over
it.  You seem to know this quarter well; that is to say, better than I do?
 observed Defarge.  I am so profoundly interested
in its miserable inhabitants.

Hah! muttered Defarge.  The pleasure of conversing with you, Monsieur Defarge, recalls to me,
 pursued the spy, that I have the honour of cherishing some interesting
associations with your name.

Indeed! said Defarge, with much indifference.  You see I am
informed of the circumstances?

Such is the fact, certainly, said Defarge.  It was to you, said the spy, that his daughter came; and it was
from your care that his daughter took him, accompanied by a neat brown
monsieur; how is he called?--in a little wig--Lorry--of the bank of
Tellson and Company--over to England.

Such is the fact, repeated Defarge.  I have known Doctor
Manette and his daughter, in England.

Yes? said Defarge.  No, said Defarge.  Can it be true, said Defarge, in a low voice, looking down at his wife
as he stood smoking with his hand on the back of her chair: what he has
said of Ma'amselle Manette?

As he has said it, returned madame, lifting her eyebrows a little, it
is probably false.  But it may be true.

If it is-- Defarge began, and stopped.  That is all I know.

But it is very strange--now, at least, is it not very strange--said
Defarge, rather pleading with his wife to induce her to admit it,
that, after all our sympathy for Monsieur her father, and herself, her
husband's name should be proscribed under your hand at this moment, by
the side of that infernal dog's who has just left us?

Stranger things than that will happen when it does come, answered
madame.  As a whirlpool of boiling waters has a centre point, so, all this raging
circled round Defarge's wine-shop, and every human drop in the caldron
had a tendency to be sucked towards the vortex where Defarge himself,
already begrimed with gunpowder and sweat, issued orders, issued arms,
thrust this man back, dragged this man forward, disarmed one to arm
another, laboured and strove in the thickest of the uproar.  You shall see me at the head
of women, by-and-bye.

Come, then! cried Defarge, in a resounding voice.  A white flag from within the fortress, and a parley--this dimly
perceptible through the raging storm, nothing audible in it--suddenly
the sea rose immeasurably wider and higher, and swept Defarge of the
wine-shop over the lowered drawbridge, past the massive stone outer
walls, in among the eight great towers surrendered!  When the foremost
billows rolled past, bearing the prison officers with them, and
threatening them all with instant death if any secret nook remained
undisclosed, Defarge laid his strong hand on the breast of one of
these men--a man with a grey head, who had a lighted torch in his
hand--separated him from the rest, and got him between himself and the
wall.  Show me the North Tower! said Defarge.  But
there is no one there.

What is the meaning of One Hundred and Five, North Tower? asked
Defarge.  Monsieur, it is a cell.

Show it me!

Pass this way, then.

Jacques Three, with his usual craving on him, and evidently disappointed
by the dialogue taking a turn that did not seem to promise bloodshed,
held by Defarge's arm as he held by the turnkey's.  Through gloomy vaults where the light of day had never shone, past
hideous doors of dark dens and cages, down cavernous flights of steps,
and again up steep rugged ascents of stone and brick, more like dry
waterfalls than staircases, Defarge, the turnkey, and Jacques Three,
linked hand and arm, went with all the speed they could make.  Pass that torch slowly along these walls, that I may see them, said
Defarge to the turnkey.  The man obeyed, and Defarge followed the light closely with his eyes.  Alexandre Manette, said Defarge in his ear, following the letters
with his swart forefinger, deeply engrained with gunpowder.  They found it surging and tossing, in quest of Defarge himself.  See Defarge! She stood immovable close to the grim old officer, and
remained immovable close to him; remained immovable close to him through
the streets, as Defarge and the rest bore him along; remained immovable
close to him when he was got near his destination, and began to
be struck at from behind; remained immovable close to him when the
long-gathering rain of stabs and blows fell heavy; was so close to him
when he dropped dead under it, that, suddenly animated, she put her foot
upon his neck, and with her cruel knife--long ready--hewed off his head.  It is Defarge, said madame.  Silence, patriots!

Defarge came in breathless, pulled off a red cap he wore, and looked
around him!  Listen to him!
 Defarge stood, panting, against a background of eager eyes and open
mouths, formed outside the door; all those within the wine-shop had
sprung to their feet.  Patriots! said Defarge, in a determined voice, are we ready?

Instantly Madame Defarge's knife was in her girdle; the drum was beating
in the streets, as if it and a drummer had flown together by magic; and
The Vengeance, uttering terrific shrieks, and flinging her arms about
her head like all the forty Furies at once, was tearing from house to
house, rousing the women.  Defarge
had but sprung over a railing and a table, and folded the miserable
wretch in a deadly embrace--Madame Defarge had but followed and turned
her hand in one of the ropes with which he was tied--The Vengeance and
Jacques Three were not yet up with them, and the men at the windows
had not yet swooped into the Hall, like birds of prey from their high
perches--when the cry seemed to go up, all over the city, Bring him
out!  It was almost morning, when Defarge's wine-shop parted with its last
knot of customers, and Monsieur Defarge said to madame his wife, in
husky tones, while fastening the door:

At last it is come, my dear!

Eh well! returned madame.  Citizen Defarge, said he to Darnay's conductor, as he took a slip of
paper to write on.  The officer
wrote until he had finished, read over to himself what he had written,
sanded it, and handed it to Defarge, with the words In secret.

Defarge motioned with the paper to the prisoner that he must accompany
him.  Is it you, said Defarge, in a low voice, as they went down the
guardhouse steps and turned into Paris, who married the daughter of
Doctor Manette, once a prisoner in the Bastille that is no more?

Yes, replied Darnay, looking at him with surprise.  My name is Defarge, and I keep a wine-shop in the Quarter Saint
Antoine.  Do you not believe it is the
truth?

A bad truth for you, said Defarge, speaking with knitted brows, and
looking straight before him.  Will you render me a
little help?

None. Defarge spoke, always looking straight before him.  Other people have been similarly buried
in worse prisons, before now.

But never by me, Citizen Defarge.

Defarge glanced darkly at him for answer, and walked on in a steady
and set silence.  Will you cause that to be done for me?

I will do, Defarge doggedly rejoined, nothing for you.  A man with a bloated face opened the strong wicket, to whom Defarge
presented The Emigrant Evremonde.

What the Devil!  Defarge took his receipt without noticing the exclamation, and withdrew,
with his two fellow-patriots.  What does he send me?

Defarge gave into his anxious hand, an open scrap of paper.  Will you accompany me, said Mr. Lorry, joyfully relieved after reading
this note aloud, to where his wife resides?

Yes, returned Defarge.  Scarcely noticing as yet, in what a curiously reserved and mechanical
way Defarge spoke, Mr. Lorry put on his hat and they went down into the
courtyard.  Madame Defarge, surely! said Mr. Lorry, who had left her in exactly
the same attitude some seventeen years ago.  It is for their safety.

Beginning to be struck by Defarge's manner, Mr. Lorry looked dubiously
at him, and led the way.  Madame Defarge met the lifted
eyebrows and forehead with a cold, impassive stare.  I believe, said Mr. Lorry, rather halting in his
reassuring words, as the stony manner of all the three impressed itself
upon him more and more, I state the case, Citizen Defarge?

Defarge looked gloomily at his wife, and gave no other answer than a
gruff sound of acquiescence.  Our good Pross, Defarge, is an English lady, and knows no
French.

The lady in question, whose rooted conviction that she was more than a
match for any foreigner, was not to be shaken by distress and, danger,
appeared with folded arms, and observed in English to The Vengeance,
whom her eyes first encountered, Well, I am sure, Boldface!  Defarge
went last, and closed the door.  That, presented by his conductors to this Tribunal, he
had announced himself by name and profession as having been for eighteen
years a secret and unaccused prisoner in the Bastille; that, one of the
body so sitting in judgment had risen and identified him, and that this
man was Defarge.  She was in a front row, by the side of a man whom
he had never seen since his arrival at the Barrier, but whom he directly
remembered as Defarge.  He
knew that under the overthrown government he had been a spy upon Saint
Antoine and Defarge's wine-shop; had received from the watchful police
such heads of information concerning Doctor Manette's imprisonment,
release, and history, as should serve him for an introduction to
familiar conversation with the Defarges; and tried them on Madame
Defarge, and had broken down with them signally.  Ernest Defarge, wine-vendor of St. Antoine.

Good.

Therese Defarge, his wife.

Good.

Alexandre Manette, physician.

A great uproar took place in the court, and in the midst of it, Doctor
Manette was seen, pale and trembling, standing where he had been seated.  Defarge was produced, when the court was quiet enough to admit of his
being heard, and rapidly expounded the story of the imprisonment, and of
his having been a mere boy in the Doctor's service, and of the release,
and of the state of the prisoner when released and delivered to him.  Inform the Tribunal of what you did that day within the Bastille,
citizen.

I knew, said Defarge, looking down at his wife, who stood at the
bottom of the steps on which he was raised, looking steadily up at him;
I knew that this prisoner, of whom I speak, had been confined in a cell
known as One Hundred and Five, North Tower.  I confide this paper, in the writing of Doctor Manette, to the hands of
the President.

Let it be read.

In a dead silence and stillness--the prisoner under trial looking
lovingly at his wife, his wife only looking from him to look with
solicitude at her father, Doctor Manette keeping his eyes fixed on the
reader, Madame Defarge never taking hers from the prisoner, Defarge
never taking his from his feasting wife, and all the other eyes there
intent upon the Doctor, who saw none of them--the paper was read, as
follows.  Defarge had described himself, that day, as the keeper of a wine-shop in
the Saint Antoine suburb.  This done, he went on direct to Defarge's, and went in.  I am English!

Madame Defarge returned to her counter to get the wine, and, as he
took up a Jacobin journal and feigned to pore over it puzzling out its
meaning, he heard her say, I swear to you, like Evremonde!

Defarge brought him the wine, and gave him Good Evening.  I
drink to the Republic.

Defarge went back to the counter, and said, Certainly, a little like.
 Madame sternly retorted, I tell you a good deal like. Jacques Three
pacifically remarked, He is so much in your mind, see you, madame.
 The amiable Vengeance added, with a laugh, Yes, my faith!  Why stop?

Well, well, reasoned Defarge, but one must stop somewhere.  Extermination is good doctrine, my wife, said Defarge, rather
troubled; in general, I say nothing against it.  Let him take care of his face!

And you have observed, my wife, said Defarge, in a deprecatory manner,
the anguish of his daughter, which must be a dreadful anguish to him!

I have observed his daughter, repeated madame; yes, I have observed
his daughter, more times than one.  As to thee, pursued madame, implacably, addressing her husband, if it
depended on thee--which, happily, it does not--thou wouldst rescue this
man even now.

No! protested Defarge.  Ask my husband, is that so.

It is so, assented Defarge, without being asked.  Ask him, is that so.

It is so, assented Defarge.  Ask him, is
that so.

It is so, assented Defarge again.  Ask him, is that so.

It is so, assented Defarge once more.  Madame Defarge
took him to the door, and put her arm on his, in pointing out the road.  As if all that had happened since the garret
time were a momentary fancy, or a dream, Mr. Lorry saw him shrink into
the exact figure that Defarge had had in keeping.  Madame Defarge beckoned the Juryman and The Vengeance a little nearer to
the door, and there expounded her further views to them thus:

She will now be at home, awaiting the moment of his death.  Madame Defarge looked coldly at her, and said, The wife of Evremonde;
where is she?

It flashed upon Miss Pross's mind that the doors were all standing open,
and would suggest the flight.  Madame Defarge's dark eyes followed her through this rapid movement,
and rested on her when it was finished.  Madame
Defarge had not moved from the spot where she stood when Miss Pross
first became aware of her; but, she now advanced one step.  Madame Defarge made at the door.  If he had given any
utterance to his, and they were prophetic, they would have been these:

I see Barsad, and Cly, Defarge, The Vengeance, the Juryman, the Judge,
long ranks of the new oppressors who have risen on the destruction of
the old, perishing by this retributive instrument, before it shall cease
out of its present use. 

Frase lunga: She stood immovable close to the grim old officer, and
remained immovable close to him; remained immovable close to him through
the streets, as Defarge and the rest bore him along; remained immovable
close to him when he was got near his destination, and began to
be struck at from behind; remained immovable close to him when the
long-gathering rain of stabs and blows fell heavy; was so close to him
when he dropped dead under it, that, suddenly animated, she put her foot
upon his neck, and with her cruel knife--long ready--hewed off his head. 
Frase corta: Come!

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Defarge', 150), ('Jacques', 20), ('Madame', 20), ('wife', 17), ('hand', 14), ('man', 12), ('Lorry', 11), ('Monsieur', 11), ('Mr.', 10), ('nothing', 10)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('said', 50), ('is', 43), ('had', 33), ('was', 31), ('be', 14), ('have', 13), ('returned', 10), ('looking', 9), ('took', 9), ('been', 9)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Defarge', 134), (' Madame', 14), (' Jacques', 12), (' Mr. Lorry', 10), (' Doctor Manette', 6), (' Monsieur', 5), (' Madame Defarge', 5), (' Jacques Three', 4), (' Monsieur Defarge', 3), (' Citizen Defarge', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Good', 5), (' Vengeance', 3), (' Well', 3), (' English', 3), (' French', 2), (' Such', 2), (' Bastille', 2), (' North Tower', 2), (' Defarge', 2), (' England', 2)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['mar']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Oh, the men, the men! 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Miss Pross 
Frequenza: 134 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
It proceeded from Miss Pross, the wild red woman, strong of hand, whose
acquaintance he had first made at the Royal George Hotel at Dover, and
had since improved.  You'd have thought! said Miss Pross; and Mr. Lorry left off.  I am pretty well, I thank you, answered Mr. Lorry, with meekness; how
are you?

Nothing to boast of, said Miss Pross.  indeed! said Miss Pross.  I am very much put out about my
Ladybird.

Indeed?

For gracious sake say something else besides 'indeed,' or you'll
fidget me to death, said Miss Pross: whose character (dissociated from
stature) was shortness.  Really, is bad enough, returned Miss Pross, but better.  Yes, I am
very much put out.

May I ask the cause?

I don't want dozens of people who are not at all worthy of Ladybird, to
come here looking after her, said Miss Pross.  _Do_ dozens come for that purpose?

Hundreds, said Miss Pross.  And it's really very hard,
 said Miss Pross.  All sorts of people who are not in the least degree worthy of the pet,
are always turning up, said Miss Pross.  When you began it--

_I_ began it, Miss Pross?

Didn't you?  But it really is doubly and trebly hard to have crowds
and multitudes of people turning up after him (I could have forgiven
him), to take Ladybird's affections away from me.

Mr. Lorry knew Miss Pross to be very jealous, but he also knew her by
this time to be, beneath the service of her eccentricity, one of those
unselfish creatures--found only among women--who will, for pure love and
admiration, bind themselves willing slaves, to youth when they have lost
it, to beauty that they never had, to accomplishments that they were
never fortunate enough to gain, to bright hopes that never shone upon
their own sombre lives.  He knew enough of the world to know that there
is nothing in it better than the faithful service of the heart; so
rendered and so free from any mercenary taint, he had such an exalted
respect for it, that in the retributive arrangements made by his own
mind--we all make such arrangements, more or less--he stationed Miss
Pross much nearer to the lower Angels than many ladies immeasurably
better got up both by Nature and Art, who had balances at Tellson's.  There never was, nor will be, but one man worthy of Ladybird, said
Miss Pross; and that was my brother Solomon, if he hadn't made a
mistake in life.

Here again: Mr. Lorry's inquiries into Miss Pross's personal history had
established the fact that her brother Solomon was a heartless scoundrel
who had stripped her of everything she possessed, as a stake to
speculate with, and had abandoned her in her poverty for evermore, with
no touch of compunction.  There never was, nor will be, but one man worthy of Ladybird, said
Miss Pross; and that was my brother Solomon, if he hadn't made a
mistake in life.

Here again: Mr. Lorry's inquiries into Miss Pross's personal history had
established the fact that her brother Solomon was a heartless scoundrel
who had stripped her of everything she possessed, as a stake to
speculate with, and had abandoned her in her poverty for evermore, with
no touch of compunction.  As we happen to be alone for the moment, and are both people of
business, he said, when they had got back to the drawing-room and had
sat down there in friendly relations, let me ask you--does the Doctor,
in talking with Lucie, never refer to the shoemaking time, yet?

Never.

And yet keeps that bench and those tools beside him?

Ah! returned Miss Pross, shaking her head.  But I don't say he don't
refer to it within himself.

Do you believe that he thinks of it much?

I do, said Miss Pross.  Do you imagine-- Mr. Lorry had begun, when Miss Pross took him up
short with:

Never imagine anything.  Have no imagination at all.

I stand corrected; do you suppose--you go so far as to suppose,
sometimes?

Now and then, said Miss Pross.  Do you suppose, Mr. Lorry went on, with a laughing twinkle in his
bright eye, as it looked kindly at her, that Doctor Manette has any
theory of his own, preserved through all those years, relative to
the cause of his being so oppressed; perhaps, even to the name of his
oppressor?

I don't suppose anything about it but what Ladybird tells me.

And that is--?

That she thinks he has.

Now don't be angry at my asking all these questions; because I am a
mere dull man of business, and you are a woman of business.

Dull? Miss Pross inquired, with placidity.  Believe me, Miss
Pross, I don't approach the topic with you, out of curiosity, but out of
zealous interest.

Well!  To the best of my understanding, and bad's the best, you'll tell
me, said Miss Pross, softened by the tone of the apology, he is afraid
of the whole subject.

Afraid?

It's plain enough, I should think, why he may be.  Yet, a doubt lurks in my mind, Miss
Pross, whether it is good for Doctor Manette to have that suppression
always shut up within him.  Indeed, it is this doubt and the uneasiness
it sometimes causes me that has led me to our present confidence.

Can't be helped, said Miss Pross, shaking her head.  Here they are! said Miss Pross, rising to break up the conference;
and now we shall have hundreds of people pretty soon!

It was such a curious corner in its acoustical properties, such a
peculiar Ear of a place, that as Mr. Lorry stood at the open window,
looking for the father and daughter whose steps he heard, he fancied
they would never approach.  However, father and daughter did at last appear, and Miss Pross
was ready at the street door to receive them.  Her darling was a pleasant
sight too, embracing her and thanking her, and protesting against
her taking so much trouble for her--which last she only dared to do
playfully, or Miss Pross, sorely hurt, would have retired to her own
chamber and cried.  The Doctor was a pleasant sight too, looking on at
them, and telling Miss Pross how she spoilt Lucie, in accents and with
eyes that had as much spoiling in them as Miss Pross had, and would
have had more if it were possible.  In the arrangements of
the little household, Miss Pross took charge of the lower regions, and
always acquitted herself marvellously.  On Sundays, Miss Pross dined at the Doctor's table, but on other days
persisted in taking her meals at unknown periods, either in the lower
regions, or in her own room on the second floor--a blue chamber, to
which no one but her Ladybird ever gained admittance.  On this occasion,
Miss Pross, responding to Ladybird's pleasant face and pleasant efforts
to please her, unbent exceedingly; so the dinner was very pleasant, too.  But, Miss Pross
suddenly became afflicted with a twitching in the head and body, and
retired into the house.  Tea-time, and Miss Pross making tea, with another fit of the jerks upon
her, and yet no Hundreds of people.  It was the close of the summer
day, and he knew Lucie to be out with Miss Pross.  God bless you!

It was dark when Charles Darnay left him, and it was an hour later and
darker when Lucie came home; she hurried into the room alone--for
Miss Pross had gone straight up-stairs--and was surprised to find his
reading-chair empty.  There was no one bidden to the marriage but Mr. Lorry; there was even to
be no bridesmaid but the gaunt Miss Pross.  They were only
three at table, and Miss Pross made the third.  They were ready to go to church; the beautiful bride, Mr.
Lorry, and Miss Pross--to whom the event, through a gradual process of
reconcilement to the inevitable, would have been one of absolute bliss,
but for the yet lingering consideration that her brother Solomon should
have been the bridegroom.  I am not crying, said Miss Pross; _you_ are.

I, my Pross? (By this time, Mr. Lorry dared to be pleasant with her,
on occasion.)  There's not a fork or a spoon in the collection, said
Miss Pross, that I didn't cry over, last night after the box came, till
I couldn't see it.

I am highly gratified, said Mr. Lorry, though, upon my honour, I
had no intention of rendering those trifling articles of remembrance
invisible to any one.  To think that there
might have been a Mrs. Lorry, any time these fifty years almost!

Not at all! From Miss Pross.  Pooh! rejoined Miss Pross; you were a bachelor in your cradle.

Well! observed Mr. Lorry, beamingly adjusting his little wig, that
seems probable, too.

And you were cut out for a bachelor, pursued Miss Pross, before you
were put in your cradle.

Then, I think, said Mr. Lorry, that I was very unhandsomely dealt
with, and that I ought to have had a voice in the selection of my
pattern.  Pooh! rejoined Miss Pross; you were a bachelor in your cradle.

Well! observed Mr. Lorry, beamingly adjusting his little wig, that
seems probable, too.

And you were cut out for a bachelor, pursued Miss Pross, before you
were put in your cradle.

Then, I think, said Mr. Lorry, that I was very unhandsomely dealt
with, and that I ought to have had a voice in the selection of my
pattern.  Now, my dear Lucie, drawing his arm soothingly round
her waist, I hear them moving in the next room, and Miss Pross and
I, as two formal folks of business, are anxious not to lose the final
opportunity of saying something to you that you wish to hear.  The corner being out of the way of the idle and curious, and the
preparations having been very simple and few, the Doctor, Mr. Lorry,
and Miss Pross, were left quite alone.  I think, he whispered to Miss Pross, after anxious consideration, I
think we had best not speak to him just now, or at all disturb him.  What's that?

Miss Pross, with a terrified face, was at his ear.  In
conjunction with Miss Pross, he took immediate steps towards the latter
precaution, by giving out that the Doctor was not well, and required a
few days of complete rest.  In aid of the kind deception to be practised
on his daughter, Miss Pross was to write, describing his having been
called away professionally, and referring to an imaginary letter of
two or three hurried lines in his own hand, represented to have been
addressed to her by the same post.  This encouraged Mr. Lorry
to have Miss Pross in with her work, several times during the day;
at those times, they quietly spoke of Lucie, and of her father then
present, precisely in the usual manner, and as if there were nothing
amiss.  Within a few minutes, Miss Pross stood whispering at his side.  He felt it to
be the most difficult of all; but, remembering his old Sunday morning
conversation with Miss Pross, and remembering what he had seen in the
last nine days, he knew that he must face it.  On the night of the day on which he left the house, Mr. Lorry went into
his room with a chopper, saw, chisel, and hammer, attended by Miss Pross
carrying a light.  There, with closed doors, and in a mysterious and
guilty manner, Mr. Lorry hacked the shoemaker's bench to pieces, while
Miss Pross held the candle as if she were assisting at a murder--for
which, indeed, in her grimness, she was no unsuitable figure.  So wicked do destruction
and secrecy appear to honest minds, that Mr. Lorry and Miss Pross,
while engaged in the commission of their deed and in the removal of its
traces, almost felt, and almost looked, like accomplices in a horrible
crime.  When he was gone, and in the course of an evening passed with Miss
Pross, the Doctor, and Mr. Lorry, Charles Darnay made some mention of
this conversation in general terms, and spoke of Sydney Carton as a
problem of carelessness and recklessness.  Lo, Miss Pross, in harness of string, awakening the echoes, as an
unruly charger, whip-corrected, snorting and pawing the earth under the
plane-tree in the garden!  He found
her child and Miss Pross with her; but, it never occurred to him to be
surprised by their appearance until a long time afterwards, when he sat
watching them in such quiet as the night knew.  To this lodging he at once removed Lucie and her child, and Miss Pross:
giving them what comfort he could, and much more than he had himself.  For some months past, Miss Pross and Mr. Cruncher had discharged the
office of purveyors; the former carrying the money; the latter, the
basket.  Although Miss Pross, through her long
association with a French family, might have known as much of their
language as of her own, if she had had a mind, she had no mind in that
direction; consequently she knew no more of that nonsense (as she was
pleased to call it) than Mr. Cruncher did.  Now, Mr. Cruncher, said Miss Pross, whose eyes were red with felicity;
if you are ready, I am.

Jerry hoarsely professed himself at Miss Pross's service.  There's all manner of things wanted, said Miss Pross, and we shall
have a precious time of it.  Nice toasts
these Redheads will be drinking, wherever we buy it.

It will be much the same to your knowledge, miss, I should think,
 retorted Jerry, whether they drink your health or the Old Un's.

Who's he? said Miss Pross.  Mr. Cruncher, with some diffidence, explained himself as meaning Old
Nick's.

Ha! said Miss Pross, it doesn't need an interpreter to explain the
meaning of these creatures.  Yes, yes, yes, I'll be cautious, said Miss Pross; but I may say
among ourselves, that I do hope there will be no oniony and tobaccoey
smotherings in the form of embracings all round, going on in the
streets.  For gracious sake, don't talk about Liberty; we have quite enough of
that, said Miss Pross.  Well, my sweet, said Miss Pross, nodding her head emphatically, the
short and the long of it is, that I am a subject of His Most Gracious
Majesty King George the Third; Miss Pross curtseyed at the name; and
as such, my maxim is, Confound their politics, Frustrate their knavish
tricks, On him our hopes we fix, God save the King!

Mr. Cruncher, in an access of loyalty, growlingly repeated the words
after Miss Pross, like somebody at church.  Well, my sweet, said Miss Pross, nodding her head emphatically, the
short and the long of it is, that I am a subject of His Most Gracious
Majesty King George the Third; Miss Pross curtseyed at the name; and
as such, my maxim is, Confound their politics, Frustrate their knavish
tricks, On him our hopes we fix, God save the King!

Mr. Cruncher, in an access of loyalty, growlingly repeated the words
after Miss Pross, like somebody at church.  Well, my sweet, said Miss Pross, nodding her head emphatically, the
short and the long of it is, that I am a subject of His Most Gracious
Majesty King George the Third; Miss Pross curtseyed at the name; and
as such, my maxim is, Confound their politics, Frustrate their knavish
tricks, On him our hopes we fix, God save the King!

Mr. Cruncher, in an access of loyalty, growlingly repeated the words
after Miss Pross, like somebody at church.  I am glad you have so much of the Englishman in you, though I wish you
had never taken that cold in your voice, said Miss Pross, approvingly.  It would be dangerous for Charles yet.

Heigh-ho-hum! said Miss Pross, cheerfully repressing a sigh as she
glanced at her darling's golden hair in the light of the fire, then we
must have patience and wait: that's all.  A Hand at Cards


Happily unconscious of the new calamity at home, Miss Pross threaded her
way along the narrow streets and crossed the river by the bridge of the
Pont-Neuf, reckoning in her mind the number of indispensable purchases
she had to make.  Having purchased a few small articles of grocery, and a measure of oil
for the lamp, Miss Pross bethought herself of the wine they wanted.  Sounding Mr. Cruncher, and finding him of her
opinion, Miss Pross resorted to the Good Republican Brutus of Antiquity,
attended by her cavalier.  In going, he had to face Miss Pross.  No
sooner did he face her, than Miss Pross uttered a scream, and clapped
her hands.  What was said in this disappointing anti-climax, by the disciples of the
Good Republican Brutus of Antiquity, except that it was something very
voluble and loud, would have been as so much Hebrew or Chaldean to Miss
Pross and her protector, though they had been all ears.  For, it must be recorded, that
not only was Miss Pross lost in amazement and agitation, but,
Mr. Cruncher--though it seemed on his own separate and individual
account--was in a state of the greatest wonder.  What is the matter? said the man who had caused Miss Pross to scream;
speaking in a vexed, abrupt voice (though in a low tone), and in
English.  Oh, Solomon, dear Solomon! cried Miss Pross, clapping her hands again.  Brother, brother! cried Miss Pross, bursting into tears.  Who's this man?

Miss Pross, shaking her loving and dejected head at her by no means
affectionate brother, said through her tears, Mr.  He said not a
word, however, and Miss Pross, exploring the depths of her reticule
through her tears with great difficulty paid for her wine.  Now, said Solomon, stopping at the dark street corner, what do you
want?

How dreadfully unkind in a brother nothing has ever turned my love away
from! cried Miss Pross, to give me such a greeting, and show me no
affection.

There.  Now are you content?

Miss Pross only shook her head and wept in silence.  I
am an official.

My English brother Solomon, mourned Miss Pross, casting up her
tear-fraught eyes, that had the makings in him of one of the best and
greatest of men in his native country, an official among foreigners, and
such foreigners!  Just
as I am getting on!

The gracious and merciful Heavens forbid! cried Miss Pross.  Don't be alarmed, my dear Miss Pross.  Let me take your arm, Miss Pross.  Come then!

Miss Pross recalled soon afterwards, and to the end of her life
remembered, that as she pressed her hands on Sydney's arm and looked up
in his face, imploring him to do no hurt to Solomon, there was a braced
purpose in the arm and a kind of inspiration in the eyes, which not only
contradicted his light manner, but changed and raised the man.  Barsad has been recognised by Miss Pross as the affectionate
brother you have heard of, said Sydney, and has acknowledged the
relationship.  There, he laid her down on a couch, where
her child and Miss Pross wept over her.  Now, when the journey of the travelling coach, at that very moment
waiting for the completion of its load, had been planned out last night,
the difficulty of taking Miss Pross in it had much engaged Mr. Lorry's
attention.  Finally, he had proposed, after anxious consideration, that Miss Pross
and Jerry, who were at liberty to leave the city, should leave it at
three o'clock in the lightest-wheeled conveyance known to that period.  Seeing in this arrangement the hope of rendering real service in that
pressing emergency, Miss Pross hailed it with joy.  Now what do you think, Mr. Cruncher, said Miss Pross, whose agitation
was so great that she could hardly speak, or stand, or move, or live:
what do you think of our not starting from this courtyard?  Likewise
wot I'll stand by you, right or wrong.

I am so distracted with fear and hope for our precious creatures, said
Miss Pross, wildly crying, that I am incapable of forming any plan.  Would you do me the favour, miss, to take notice o'
two promises and wows wot it is my wishes fur to record in this here
crisis?

Oh, for gracious sake! cried Miss Pross, still wildly crying, record
them at once, and get them out of the way, like an excellent man.

First, said Mr. Cruncher, who was all in a tremble, and who spoke with
an ashy and solemn visage, them poor things well out o' this, never no
more will I do it, never no more!

I am quite sure, Mr. Cruncher, returned Miss Pross, that you
never will do it again, whatever it is, and I beg you not to think it
necessary to mention more particularly what it is.

No, miss, returned Jerry, it shall not be named to you.  Would you do me the favour, miss, to take notice o'
two promises and wows wot it is my wishes fur to record in this here
crisis?

Oh, for gracious sake! cried Miss Pross, still wildly crying, record
them at once, and get them out of the way, like an excellent man.

First, said Mr. Cruncher, who was all in a tremble, and who spoke with
an ashy and solemn visage, them poor things well out o' this, never no
more will I do it, never no more!

I am quite sure, Mr. Cruncher, returned Miss Pross, that you
never will do it again, whatever it is, and I beg you not to think it
necessary to mention more particularly what it is.

No, miss, returned Jerry, it shall not be named to you.  Second: them
poor things well out o' this, and never no more will I interfere with
Mrs. Cruncher's flopping, never no more!

Whatever housekeeping arrangement that may be, said Miss Pross,
striving to dry her eyes and compose herself, I have no doubt it
is best that Mrs. Cruncher should have it entirely under her own
superintendence.--O my poor darlings!

I go so far as to say, miss, moreover, proceeded Mr. Cruncher, with a
most alarming tendency to hold forth as from a pulpit--and let my words
be took down and took to Mrs. Cruncher through yourself--that wot my
opinions respectin' flopping has undergone a change, and that wot I only
hope with all my heart as Mrs. Cruncher may be a flopping at the present
time.

There, there, there!  I hope she is, my dear man, cried the distracted
Miss Pross, and I hope she finds it answering her expectations.

Forbid it, proceeded Mr. Cruncher, with additional solemnity,
additional slowness, and additional tendency to hold forth and hold
out, as anything wot I have ever said or done should be wisited on my
earnest wishes for them poor creeturs now!  If we ever get back to our native land, said Miss Pross, you may rely
upon my telling Mrs. Cruncher as much as I may be able to remember and
understand of what you have so impressively said; and at all events
you may be sure that I shall bear witness to your being thoroughly in
earnest at this dreadful time.  If you were to go before, said Miss Pross, and stop the vehicle and
horses from coming here, and were to wait somewhere for me; wouldn't
that be best?

Mr. Cruncher thought it might be best.  Where could you wait for me? asked Miss Pross.  By the cathedral door, said Miss Pross.  Then, like the best of men, said Miss Pross, go to the posting-house
straight, and make that change.

I am doubtful, said Mr. Cruncher, hesitating and shaking his head,
about leaving of you, you see.  We don't know what may happen.

Heaven knows we don't, returned Miss Pross, but have no fear for me.  Think-not of me, but of the lives
that may depend on both of us!

This exordium, and Miss Pross's two hands in quite agonised entreaty
clasping his, decided Mr. Cruncher.  The having originated a precaution which was already in course of
execution, was a great relief to Miss Pross.  Afraid, in her extreme perturbation, of the loneliness of the deserted
rooms, and of half-imagined faces peeping from behind every open door
in them, Miss Pross got a basin of cold water and began laving her eyes,
which were swollen and red.  Madame Defarge looked coldly at her, and said, The wife of Evremonde;
where is she?

It flashed upon Miss Pross's mind that the doors were all standing open,
and would suggest the flight.  You might, from your appearance, be the wife of Lucifer, said Miss
Pross, in her breathing.  She knew full well that
Miss Pross was the family's devoted friend; Miss Pross knew full well
that Madame Defarge was the family's malevolent enemy.  I
wish to see her.

I know that your intentions are evil, said Miss Pross, and you may
depend upon it, I'll hold my own against them.

Each spoke in her own language; neither understood the other's words;
both were very watchful, and intent to deduce from look and manner, what
the unintelligible words meant.  Do you hear?

If those eyes of yours were bed-winches, returned Miss Pross, and I
was an English four-poster, they shouldn't loose a splinter of me.  I little thought, said Miss Pross, that I should ever want to
understand your nonsensical language; but I would give all I have,
except the clothes I wear, to know whether you suspect the truth, or any
part of it.

Neither of them for a single moment released the other's eyes.  Madame
Defarge had not moved from the spot where she stood when Miss Pross
first became aware of her; but, she now advanced one step.  I am a Briton, said Miss Pross, I am desperate.  Thus Miss Pross, who had never struck a blow in her life.  Let me look.

Never! said Miss Pross, who understood the request as perfectly as
Madame Defarge understood the answer.  As long as you don't know whether they are in that room or not, you are
uncertain what to do, said Miss Pross to herself; and you shall not
know that, if I can prevent your knowing it; and know that, or not know
that, you shall not leave here while I can hold you.

I have been in the streets from the first, nothing has stopped me,
I will tear you to pieces, but I will have you from that door, said
Madame Defarge.  We are alone at the top of a high house in a solitary courtyard, we are
not likely to be heard, and I pray for bodily strength to keep you here,
while every minute you are here is worth a hundred thousand guineas to
my darling, said Miss Pross.  It was in vain for Madame Defarge to struggle and to strike; Miss Pross,
with the vigorous tenacity of love, always so much stronger than hate,
clasped her tight, and even lifted her from the floor in the struggle
that they had.  The two hands of Madame Defarge buffeted and tore her
face; but, Miss Pross, with her head down, held her round the waist, and
clung to her with more than the hold of a drowning woman.  It is under my arm, said Miss Pross, in smothered tones, you
shall not draw it.  In the first fright and horror of her situation, Miss Pross passed the
body as far from it as she could, and ran down the stairs to call for
fruitless help.  I don't hear you, said Miss Pross.  What do you say?

It was in vain for Mr. Cruncher to repeat what he said; Miss Pross could
not hear him.  Is there any noise in the streets now? asked Miss Pross again,
presently.  I don't hear it.

Gone deaf in an hour? said Mr. Cruncher, ruminating, with his mind
much disturbed; wot's come to her?

I feel, said Miss Pross, as if there had been a flash and a crash,
and that crash was the last thing I should ever hear in this life.

Blest if she ain't in a queer condition! said Mr. Cruncher, more and
more disturbed.  You can hear that, miss?

I can hear, said Miss Pross, seeing that he spoke to her, nothing. 

Frase lunga: He knew enough of the world to know that there
is nothing in it better than the faithful service of the heart; so
rendered and so free from any mercenary taint, he had such an exalted
respect for it, that in the retributive arrangements made by his own
mind--we all make such arrangements, more or less--he stationed Miss
Pross much nearer to the lower Angels than many ladies immeasurably
better got up both by Nature and Art, who had balances at Tellson's. 
Frase corta: indeed!

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Pross', 148), ('Miss', 147), ('Mr.', 45), ('Cruncher', 27), ('Lorry', 23), ('Solomon', 10), ('head', 10), ('man', 9), ('brother', 8), ('Doctor', 8)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('said', 66), ('had', 43), ('was', 42), ('be', 33), ('have', 30), ('do', 28), ('is', 25), ('were', 21), ('am', 20), ('are', 17)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Miss Pross', 141), (' Mr. Cruncher', 21), (' Mr. Lorry', 21), (' Solomon', 9), (' Lucie', 6), (' Madame Defarge', 5), (' Miss', 5), (' Jerry', 5), (' Ladybird', 3), (' Mr.', 3)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Well', 6), (' Third', 3), (' English', 3), (' Ladybird', 3), (' Doctor', 3), (' Pooh', 2), (' First', 2), (' Antiquity', 2), (' Pross', 2), (' Afraid', 2)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['May'], ['Sunday']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Now and then, said Miss Pross. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Madame Defarge 
Frequenza: 97 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
There was a character about Madame Defarge, from which one might
have predicated that she did not often make mistakes against herself
in any of the reckonings over which she presided.  Thus engaged, with her right elbow supported
by her left hand, Madame Defarge said nothing when her lord came in, but
coughed just one grain of cough.  When this interchange of Christian name was effected, Madame Defarge,
picking her teeth with her toothpick, coughed another grain of cough,
and raised her eyebrows by the breadth of another line.  At this second interchange of the Christian name, Madame Defarge, still
using her toothpick with profound composure, coughed another grain of
cough, and raised her eyebrows by the breadth of another line.  This third interchange of the Christian name was completed at the moment
when Madame Defarge put her toothpick by, kept her eyebrows up, and
slightly rustled in her seat.  Gentlemen--my wife!

The three customers pulled off their hats to Madame Defarge, with three
flourishes.  Only one soul was to be seen, and
that was Madame Defarge--who leaned against the door-post, knitting, and
saw nothing.  He was not missed; for, nobody who crossed the
threshold looked for him, nobody asked for him, nobody wondered to see
only Madame Defarge in her seat, presiding over the distribution of
wine, with a bowl of battered small coins before her, as much defaced
and beaten out of their original impress as the small coinage of
humanity from whose ragged pockets they had come.  Games at cards languished, players at dominoes musingly built
towers with them, drinkers drew figures on the tables with spilt drops
of wine, Madame Defarge herself picked out the pattern on her sleeve
with her toothpick, and saw and heard something inaudible and invisible
a long way off.  My wife, said Defarge aloud, addressing Madame Defarge: I have
travelled certain leagues with this good mender of roads, called
Jacques.  In the breast of his blouse he carried some coarse dark
bread; he ate of this between whiles, and sat munching and drinking near
Madame Defarge's counter.  He looked at no one present, and no one now looked at him; not even
Madame Defarge, who had taken up her knitting, and was at work.  Yes, answered Madame Defarge; I have a good deal to do.

What do you make, madame?

Many things.

For instance--

For instance, returned Madame Defarge, composedly, shrouds.

The man moved a little further away, as soon as he could, and the mender
of roads fanned himself with his blue cap: feeling it mightily close
and oppressive.  Yes, answered Madame Defarge; I have a good deal to do.

What do you make, madame?

Many things.

For instance--

For instance, returned Madame Defarge, composedly, shrouds.

The man moved a little further away, as soon as he could, and the mender
of roads fanned himself with his blue cap: feeling it mightily close
and oppressive.  Let it deceive them, then, a little longer; it cannot
deceive them too much.

Madame Defarge looked superciliously at the client, and nodded in
confirmation.  And if you were shown a flock of birds, unable to fly, and were
set upon them to strip them of their feathers for your own advantage,
you would set upon the birds of the finest feathers; would you not?

It is true, madame.

You have seen both dolls and birds to-day, said Madame Defarge, with
a wave of her hand towards the place where they had last been apparent;
now, go home!




XVI.  When Saint Antoine had again enfolded the Defarges in his dusky wings,
and they, having finally alighted near the Saint's boundaries, were
picking their way on foot through the black mud and offal of his
streets, Madame Defarge spoke to her husband:

Say then, my friend; what did Jacques of the police tell thee?

Very little to-night, but all he knows.  There may be many more, for all that he
can say, but he knows of one.

Eh well! said Madame Defarge, raising her eyebrows with a cool
business air.  He shall be
registered to-morrow.

They turned into the wine-shop, which was closed (for it was midnight),
and where Madame Defarge immediately took her post at her desk, counted
the small moneys that had been taken during her absence, examined the
stock, went through the entries in the book, made other entries of
her own, checked the serving man in every possible way, and finally
dismissed him to bed.  A figure entering at the door threw a shadow on Madame Defarge which she
felt to be a new one.  The moment Madame Defarge took up the rose, the
customers ceased talking, and began gradually to drop out of the
wine-shop.  Marvellous cognac this, madame!

It was the first time it had ever been so complimented, and Madame
Defarge knew enough of its antecedents to know better.  If I do--Well, said
madame, drawing a breath and nodding her head with a stern kind of
coquetry, I'll use it!

It was remarkable; but, the taste of Saint Antoine seemed to be
decidedly opposed to a rose on the head-dress of Madame Defarge.  No, no.

The spy, who was there to pick up any crumbs he could find or make, did
not allow his baffled state to express itself in his sinister face; but,
stood with an air of gossiping gallantry, leaning his elbow on Madame
Defarge's little counter, and occasionally sipping his cognac.  Is there not?

--Here is my husband! said Madame Defarge.  D'Aulnais is the name of his mother's family.

Madame Defarge knitted steadily, but the intelligence had a palpable
effect upon her husband.  Having made, at least, this one hit, whatever it might prove to be
worth, and no customers coming in to help him to any other, Mr. Barsad
paid for what he had drunk, and took his leave: taking occasion to say,
in a genteel manner, before he departed, that he looked forward to the
pleasure of seeing Monsieur and Madame Defarge again.  --And if it does come, while we live to see it triumph--I hope, for her
sake, Destiny will keep her husband out of France.

Her husband's destiny, said Madame Defarge, with her usual composure,
will take him where he is to go, and will lead him to the end that is
to end him.  In the evening, at which season of all others Saint Antoine turned
himself inside out, and sat on door-steps and window-ledges, and came
to the corners of vile streets and courts, for a breath of air, Madame
Defarge with her work in her hand was accustomed to pass from place
to place and from group to group: a Missionary--there were many like
her--such as the world will do well never to breed again.  And as Madame
Defarge moved on from group to group, all three went quicker and fiercer
among every little knot of women that she had spoken with, and left
behind.  Jacques Three was nearly at his side;
Madame Defarge, still heading some of her women, was visible in the
inner distance, and her knife was in her hand.  Saint
Antoine's blood was up, and the blood of tyranny and domination by the
iron hand was down--down on the steps of the Hotel de Ville where the
governor's body lay--down on the sole of the shoe of Madame Defarge
where she had trodden on the body to steady it for mutilation.  The Sea Still Rises


Haggard Saint Antoine had had only one exultant week, in which to soften
his modicum of hard and bitter bread to such extent as he could, with
the relish of fraternal embraces and congratulations, when Madame
Defarge sat at her counter, as usual, presiding over the customers.  Patriots! said Defarge, in a determined voice, are we ready?

Instantly Madame Defarge's knife was in her girdle; the drum was beating
in the streets, as if it and a drummer had flown together by magic; and
The Vengeance, uttering terrific shrieks, and flinging her arms about
her head like all the forty Furies at once, was tearing from house to
house, rousing the women.  The people immediately behind Madame Defarge, explaining the cause of
her satisfaction to those behind them, and those again explaining to
others, and those to others, the neighbouring streets resounded with the
clapping of hands.  Similarly, during two or three hours of drawl,
and the winnowing of many bushels of words, Madame Defarge's frequent
expressions of impatience were taken up, with marvellous quickness, at
a distance: the more readily, because certain men who had by some
wonderful exercise of agility climbed up the external architecture
to look in from the windows, knew Madame Defarge well, and acted as a
telegraph between her and the crowd outside the building.  Defarge
had but sprung over a railing and a table, and folded the miserable
wretch in a deadly embrace--Madame Defarge had but followed and turned
her hand in one of the ropes with which he was tied--The Vengeance and
Jacques Three were not yet up with them, and the men at the windows
had not yet swooped into the Hall, like birds of prey from their high
perches--when the cry seemed to go up, all over the city, Bring him
out!  Bring him to the lamp!

Down, and up, and head foremost on the steps of the building; now, on
his knees; now, on his feet; now, on his back; dragged, and struck at,
and stifled by the bunches of grass and straw that were thrust into his
face by hundreds of hands; torn, bruised, panting, bleeding, yet always
entreating and beseeching for mercy; now full of vehement agony of
action, with a small clear space about him as the people drew one
another back that they might see; now, a log of dead wood drawn through
a forest of legs; he was hauled to the nearest street corner where one
of the fatal lamps swung, and there Madame Defarge let him go--as a cat
might have done to a mouse--and silently and composedly looked at him
while they made ready, and while he besought her: the women passionately
screeching at him all the time, and the men sternly calling out to have
him killed with grass in his mouth.  My dear, said Mr. Lorry, striking in to explain; there are frequent
risings in the streets; and, although it is not likely they will ever
trouble you, Madame Defarge wishes to see those whom she has the power
to protect at such times, to the end that she may know them--that she
may identify them.  I hope
_you_ are pretty well! She also bestowed a British cough on Madame
Defarge; but, neither of the two took much heed of her.  Is that his child? said Madame Defarge, stopping in her work for the
first time, and pointing her knitting-needle at little Lucie as if it
were the finger of Fate.  Yes, madame, answered Mr. Lorry; this is our poor prisoner's darling
daughter, and only child.

The shadow attendant on Madame Defarge and her party seemed to fall so
threatening and dark on the child, that her mother instinctively
kneeled on the ground beside her, and held her to her breast.  The
shadow attendant on Madame Defarge and her party seemed then to fall,
threatening and dark, on both the mother and the child.  It is enough, my husband, said Madame Defarge.  We
may go.

But, the suppressed manner had enough of menace in it--not visible and
presented, but indistinct and withheld--to alarm Lucie into saying, as
she laid her appealing hand on Madame Defarge's dress:

You will be good to my poor husband.  You will
help me to see him if you can?

Your husband is not my business here, returned Madame Defarge, looking
down at her with perfect composure.  We are more
afraid of you than of these others.

Madame Defarge received it as a compliment, and looked at her husband.  What is it that your husband says in that little letter? asked Madame
Defarge, with a lowering smile.  Influence; he says something touching
influence?

That my father, said Lucie, hurriedly taking the paper from her
breast, but with her alarmed eyes on her questioner and not on it, has
much influence around him.

Surely it will release him! said Madame Defarge.  As a wife and mother!

Madame Defarge looked, coldly as ever, at the suppliant, and said,
turning to her friend The Vengeance:

The wives and mothers we have been used to see, since we were as little
as this child, and much less, have not been greatly considered?  We have borne this a long time, said Madame Defarge, turning her eyes
again upon Lucie.  He
knew that under the overthrown government he had been a spy upon Saint
Antoine and Defarge's wine-shop; had received from the watchful police
such heads of information concerning Doctor Manette's imprisonment,
release, and history, as should serve him for an introduction to
familiar conversation with the Defarges; and tried them on Madame
Defarge, and had broken down with them signally.  I confide this paper, in the writing of Doctor Manette, to the hands of
the President.

Let it be read.

In a dead silence and stillness--the prisoner under trial looking
lovingly at his wife, his wife only looking from him to look with
solicitude at her father, Doctor Manette keeping his eyes fixed on the
reader, Madame Defarge never taking hers from the prisoner, Defarge
never taking his from his feasting wife, and all the other eyes there
intent upon the Doctor, who saw none of them--the paper was read, as
follows.  Much influence around him, has that Doctor? murmured Madame Defarge,
smiling to The Vengeance.  As Carton walked in, took his seat and asked (in very indifferent
French) for a small measure of wine, Madame Defarge cast a careless
glance at him, and then a keener, and then a keener, and then advanced
to him herself, and asked him what it was he had ordered.  English? asked Madame Defarge, inquisitively raising her dark
eyebrows.  I am English!

Madame Defarge returned to her counter to get the wine, and, as he
took up a Jacobin journal and feigned to pore over it puzzling out its
meaning, he heard her say, I swear to you, like Evremonde!

Defarge brought him the wine, and gave him Good Evening.  I say, stop there.

See you then, Jacques, said Madame Defarge, wrathfully; and see you,
too, my little Vengeance; see you both!  They are in danger of denunciation by Madame
Defarge.  He knows that a wood-sawyer, living by the prison wall,
is under the control of the Defarges, and has been rehearsed by
Madame Defarge as to his having seen Her--he never mentioned Lucie's
name--making signs and signals to prisoners.  The Knitting Done


In that same juncture of time when the Fifty-Two awaited their fate
Madame Defarge held darkly ominous council with The Vengeance and
Jacques Three of the Revolutionary Jury.  Not in the wine-shop did Madame
Defarge confer with these ministers, but in the shed of the wood-sawyer,
erst a mender of roads.  Eh?

There is no better, the voluble Vengeance protested in her shrill
notes, in France.

Peace, little Vengeance, said Madame Defarge, laying her hand with
a slight frown on her lieutenant's lips, hear me speak.  It is a pretty sight!

In a word, said Madame Defarge, coming out of her short abstraction,
I cannot trust my husband in this matter.  We ought to have six score a day.

In a word, Madame Defarge went on, my husband has not my reason for
pursuing this family to annihilation, and I have not his reason for
regarding this Doctor with any sensibility.  Touching those signals, little citizen, said Madame Defarge, sternly,
that she made to the prisoners; you are ready to bear witness to them
this very day?

Ay, ay, why not! cried the sawyer.  Transparently!

There is no doubt of the Jury? inquired Madame Defarge, letting her
eyes turn to him with a gloomy smile.  I answer for my
fellow-Jurymen.

Now, let me see, said Madame Defarge, pondering again.  We really have not heads enough; it would be a pity, I think.

He was signalling with her when I saw her, argued Madame Defarge; I
cannot speak of one without the other; and I must not be silent, and
trust the case wholly to him, this little citizen here.  He must take his chance, said Madame Defarge.  He was so very demonstrative herein, that he might have been
suspected (perhaps was, by the dark eyes that looked contemptuously at
him out of Madame Defarge's head) of having his small individual fears
for his own personal safety, every hour in the day.  Take you my knitting, said Madame Defarge, placing it in her
lieutenant's hands, and have it ready for me in my usual seat.  Be sure you are there, my soul, said
The Vengeance, calling after her, for she had already turned into the
street, before the tumbrils arrive!

Madame Defarge slightly waved her hand, to imply that she heard, and
might be relied upon to arrive in good time, and so went through the
mud, and round the corner of the prison wall.  Such a heart Madame Defarge carried under her rough robe.  Thus accoutred, and walking with the confident tread of such
a character, and with the supple freedom of a woman who had habitually
walked in her girlhood, bare-foot and bare-legged, on the brown
sea-sand, Madame Defarge took her way along the streets.  She and Jerry had
beheld the coach start, had known who it was that Solomon brought, had
passed some ten minutes in tortures of suspense, and were now concluding
their arrangements to follow the coach, even as Madame Defarge,
taking her way through the streets, now drew nearer and nearer to the
else-deserted lodging in which they held their consultation.  And still Madame Defarge, pursuing her way along the streets, came
nearer and nearer.  My esteemed Mr.
Cruncher, let us think!

Still, Madame Defarge, pursuing her way along the streets, came nearer
and nearer.  Temple Bar was hundreds of miles away, and Madame
Defarge was drawing very near indeed.  The basin fell to the ground broken, and the water flowed to the feet of
Madame Defarge.  Miss Pross had nothing beautiful
about her; years had not tamed the wildness, or softened the grimness,
of her appearance; but, she too was a determined woman in her different
way, and she measured Madame Defarge with her eyes, every inch.  I am an Englishwoman.

Madame Defarge looked at her scornfully, but still with something of
Miss Pross's own perception that they two were at bay.  She knew full well that
Miss Pross was the family's devoted friend; Miss Pross knew full well
that Madame Defarge was the family's malevolent enemy.  On my way yonder, said Madame Defarge, with a slight movement of
her hand towards the fatal spot, where they reserve my chair and my
knitting for me, I am come to make my compliments to her in passing.  It will do her no good to keep herself concealed from me at this
moment, said Madame Defarge.  No,
you wicked foreign woman; I am your match.

Madame Defarge was not likely to follow these idiomatic remarks in
detail; but, she so far understood them as to perceive that she was set
at naught.  Woman imbecile and pig-like! said Madame Defarge, frowning.  This was a courage that Madame
Defarge so little comprehended as to mistake for weakness.  Any person but this miserable fool,
answer the Citizeness Defarge!

Perhaps the following silence, perhaps some latent disclosure in the
expression of Miss Pross's face, perhaps a sudden misgiving apart from
either suggestion, whispered to Madame Defarge that they were gone.  Let me look.

Never! said Miss Pross, who understood the request as perfectly as
Madame Defarge understood the answer.  If they are not in that room, they are gone, and can be pursued and
brought back, said Madame Defarge to herself.  As long as you don't know whether they are in that room or not, you are
uncertain what to do, said Miss Pross to herself; and you shall not
know that, if I can prevent your knowing it; and know that, or not know
that, you shall not leave here while I can hold you.

I have been in the streets from the first, nothing has stopped me,
I will tear you to pieces, but I will have you from that door, said
Madame Defarge.  It was in vain for Madame Defarge to struggle and to strike; Miss Pross,
with the vigorous tenacity of love, always so much stronger than hate,
clasped her tight, and even lifted her from the floor in the struggle
that they had.  The two hands of Madame Defarge buffeted and tore her
face; but, Miss Pross, with her head down, held her round the waist, and
clung to her with more than the hold of a drowning woman.  Soon, Madame Defarge's hands ceased to strike, and felt at her encircled
waist.  I hold
you till one or other of us faints or dies!

Madame Defarge's hands were at her bosom. 

Frase lunga: Down, and up, and head foremost on the steps of the building; now, on
his knees; now, on his feet; now, on his back; dragged, and struck at,
and stifled by the bunches of grass and straw that were thrust into his
face by hundreds of hands; torn, bruised, panting, bleeding, yet always
entreating and beseeching for mercy; now full of vehement agony of
action, with a small clear space about him as the people drew one
another back that they might see; now, a log of dead wood drawn through
a forest of legs; he was hauled to the nearest street corner where one
of the fatal lamps swung, and there Madame Defarge let him go--as a cat
might have done to a mouse--and silently and composedly looked at him
while they made ready, and while he besought her: the women passionately
screeching at him all the time, and the men sternly calling out to have
him killed with grass in his mouth. 
Frase corta: XVI.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Defarge', 106), ('Madame', 99), ('husband', 11), ('streets', 10), ('Vengeance', 9), ('Pross', 9), ('Miss', 9), ('hand', 9), ('way', 9), ('Saint', 7)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 38), ('had', 30), ('said', 30), ('have', 17), ('is', 14), ('were', 13), ('be', 12), ('are', 11), ('looked', 10), ('do', 9)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Madame Defarge', 90), (' Defarge', 15), (' Madame', 9), (' Miss Pross', 6), (' Saint Antoine', 4), (' Lucie', 3), (' Jacques', 3), (' Doctor Manette', 3), (' Jacques Three', 2), (' Mr. Lorry', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Vengeance', 4), (' Christian', 3), (' France', 2), (' English', 2), (' Woman', 1), (' British', 1), (' Ville', 1), (' Eh', 1), (' Doctor', 1), (' Peace', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: []
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: There is no doubt of the Jury? 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Mr. Cruncher 
Frequenza: 88 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
The scene was Mr. Cruncher's private lodging in Hanging-sword-alley,
Whitefriars: the time, half-past seven of the clock on a windy March
morning, Anno Domini seventeen hundred and eighty.  (Mr. Cruncher himself
always spoke of the year of our Lord as Anna Dominoes: apparently under
the impression that the Christian era dated from the invention of a
popular game, by a lady who had bestowed her name upon it.)  What! said Mr. Cruncher, looking out of bed for a boot.  It was a very muddy boot, and may introduce the
odd circumstance connected with Mr. Cruncher's domestic economy, that,
whereas he often came home after banking hours with clean boots, he
often got up next morning to find the same boots covered with clay.  What, said Mr. Cruncher, varying his apostrophe after missing his
mark--what are you up to, Aggerawayter?

I was only saying my prayers.

Saying your prayers!  And what do you suppose, you conceited female, said Mr. Cruncher, with
unconscious inconsistency, that the worth of _your_ prayers may be?  They are worth no more than
that.

Worth no more than that, repeated Mr. Cruncher.  B-u-u-ust me! said Mr. Cruncher, who all this time had been putting
on his clothes, if I ain't, what with piety and one blowed thing and
another, been choused this last week into as bad luck as ever a poor
devil of a honest tradesman met with!  Not you! and throwing off other sarcastic sparks
from the whirling grindstone of his indignation, Mr. Cruncher betook
himself to his boot-cleaning and his general preparation for business.  On this post of his, Mr.
Cruncher was as well known to Fleet-street and the Temple, as the Bar
itself,--and was almost as in-looking.  He will then let you in.

Into the court, sir?

Into the court.

Mr. Cruncher's eyes seemed to get a little closer to one another, and to
interchange the inquiry, What do you think of this?

Am I to wait in the court, sir? he asked, as the result of that
conference.  This is to tell him
you are there.

As the ancient clerk deliberately folded and superscribed the note,
Mr. Cruncher, after surveying him in silence until he came to the
blotting-paper stage, remarked:

I suppose they'll be trying Forgeries this morning?

Treason!

That's quartering, said Jerry.  Don't you be afraid of
that.

Mr. Cruncher's attention was here diverted to the door-keeper, whom he
saw making his way to Mr. Lorry, with the note in his hand.  Mr. Lorry
sat at a table, among the gentlemen in wigs: not far from a wigged
gentleman, the prisoner's counsel, who had a great bundle of papers
before him: and nearly opposite another wigged gentleman with his hands
in his pockets, whose whole attention, when Mr. Cruncher looked at him
then or afterwards, seemed to be concentrated on the ceiling of the
court.  Mr. Stryver then called his few witnesses, and Mr. Cruncher had next to
attend while Mr. Attorney-General turned the whole suit of clothes Mr.
Stryver had fitted on the jury, inside out; showing how Barsad and
Cly were even a hundred times better than he had thought them, and the
prisoner a hundred times worse.  With his straw in his mouth, Mr. Cruncher sat watching the two streams,
like the heathen rustic who has for several centuries been on duty
watching one stream--saving that Jerry had no expectation of their ever
running dry.  Brief as such
companionship was in every separate instance, Mr. Cruncher never failed
to become so interested in the lady as to express a strong desire to
have the honour of drinking her very good health.  Mr. Cruncher, sitting on a stool in a public place,
but not being a poet, mused as little as possible, and looked about him.  Looking that way, Mr. Cruncher made out that some kind of
funeral was coming along, and that there was popular objection to this
funeral, which engendered uproar.  Young Jerry, said Mr. Cruncher, turning to his offspring, it's a
buryin'.

Hooroar, father! cried Young Jerry.  This boy is a getting too many for
_me_! said Mr. Cruncher, surveying him.  Drop it then, said Mr. Cruncher; I won't have none of _your_ no
harms.  Funerals had at all times a remarkable attraction for Mr. Cruncher; he
always pricked up his senses, and became excited, when a funeral passed
Tellson's.  Was he a spy? asked Mr. Cruncher.  Jerry, said Mr. Cruncher, apostrophising himself in his usual way,
you see that there Cly that day, and you see with your own eyes that he
was a young 'un and a straight made 'un.

Having smoked his pipe out, and ruminated a little longer, he turned
himself about, that he might appear, before the hour of closing, on his
station at Tellson's.  The bank closed, the ancient clerks came out, the
usual watch was set, and Mr. Cruncher and his son went home to tea.  Now, I tell you where it is! said Mr. Cruncher to his wife, on
entering.  Why, you're at it afore my face! said Mr. Cruncher, with signs of
angry apprehension.  Drop it altogether.

Yes, Jerry.

Yes, Jerry, repeated Mr. Cruncher sitting down to tea.  You may say yes, Jerry.

Mr. Cruncher had no particular meaning in these sulky corroborations,
but made use of them, as people not unfrequently do, to express general
ironical dissatisfaction.  You and your yes, Jerry, said Mr. Cruncher, taking a bite out of his
bread-and-butter, and seeming to help it down with a large invisible
oyster out of his saucer.  And mind you! said Mr. Cruncher.  I told you I would, said Mr. Cruncher, and I did.

Jerry, Jerry, Jerry! his wife implored.  Is it obeying your
husband to disobey him on the wital subject of his business?

You hadn't taken to the dreadful business then, Jerry.

It's enough for you, retorted Mr. Cruncher, to be the wife of a
honest tradesman, and not to occupy your female mind with calculations
when he took to his trade or when he didn't.  Father, said Young Jerry, as they walked along: taking care to keep
at arm's length and to have the stool well between them: what's a
Resurrection-Man?

Mr. Cruncher came to a stop on the pavement before he answered, How
should I know?

I thought you knowed everything, father, said the artless boy.  Well, returned Mr. Cruncher, going on again, and lifting off his
hat to give his spikes free play, he's a tradesman.

What's his goods, father? asked the brisk Young Jerry.  His goods, said Mr. Cruncher, after turning it over in his mind, is a
branch of Scientific goods.

Persons' bodies, ain't it, father? asked the lively boy.  I believe it is something of that sort, said Mr. Cruncher.  Oh, father, I should so like to be a Resurrection-Man when I'm quite
growed up!

Mr. Cruncher was soothed, but shook his head in a dubious and moral way.  Be careful to dewelop
your talents, and never to say no more than you can help to nobody, and
there's no telling at the present time what you may not come to be fit
for. As Young Jerry, thus encouraged, went on a few yards in advance,
to plant the stool in the shadow of the Bar, Mr. Cruncher added to
himself: Jerry, you honest tradesman, there's hopes wot that boy will
yet be a blessing to you, and a recompense to you for his mother!




XV.  For some months past, Miss Pross and Mr. Cruncher had discharged the
office of purveyors; the former carrying the money; the latter, the
basket.  Although Miss Pross, through her long
association with a French family, might have known as much of their
language as of her own, if she had had a mind, she had no mind in that
direction; consequently she knew no more of that nonsense (as she was
pleased to call it) than Mr. Cruncher did.  Now, Mr. Cruncher, said Miss Pross, whose eyes were red with felicity;
if you are ready, I am.

Jerry hoarsely professed himself at Miss Pross's service.  Mr. Cruncher, with some diffidence, explained himself as meaning Old
Nick's.

Ha! said Miss Pross, it doesn't need an interpreter to explain the
meaning of these creatures.  Well, my sweet, said Miss Pross, nodding her head emphatically, the
short and the long of it is, that I am a subject of His Most Gracious
Majesty King George the Third; Miss Pross curtseyed at the name; and
as such, my maxim is, Confound their politics, Frustrate their knavish
tricks, On him our hopes we fix, God save the King!

Mr. Cruncher, in an access of loyalty, growlingly repeated the words
after Miss Pross, like somebody at church.  Mr. Cruncher, with the basket, walked at her side.  Sounding Mr. Cruncher, and finding him of her
opinion, Miss Pross resorted to the Good Republican Brutus of Antiquity,
attended by her cavalier.  For, it must be recorded, that
not only was Miss Pross lost in amazement and agitation, but,
Mr. Cruncher--though it seemed on his own separate and individual
account--was in a state of the greatest wonder.  Does he think me a ghost?

Apparently, Mr. Cruncher did, to judge from his looks.  He was saying the affectionate word, however, with a far more grudging
condescension and patronage than he could have shown if their relative
merits and positions had been reversed (which is invariably the case,
all the world over), when Mr. Cruncher, touching him on the shoulder,
hoarsely and unexpectedly interposed with the following singular
question:

I say!  Come! said Mr. Cruncher.  Tracing it to its source, he discovered it
to be caused by a sudden extraordinary rising and stiffening of all the
risen and stiff hair on Mr. Cruncher's head.  You may take
it in your hand; it's no forgery.

Here, Mr. Lorry perceived the reflection on the wall to elongate, and
Mr. Cruncher rose and stepped forward.  Unseen by the spy, Mr. Cruncher stood at his side, and touched him on
the shoulder like a ghostly bailiff.  That there Roger Cly, master, said Mr. Cruncher, with a taciturn and
iron-bound visage.  So _you_ put him in his coffin?

I did.

Who took him out of it?

Barsad leaned back in his chair, and stammered, What do you mean?

I mean, said Mr. Cruncher, that he warn't never in it.  Ecod! growled Mr. Cruncher, it's you I have got a
old grudge again, is it, with your shameful impositions upon tradesmen!  I'd catch hold of your throat and choke you for half a guinea.

Sydney Carton, who, with Mr. Lorry, had been lost in amazement at
this turn of the business, here requested Mr. Cruncher to moderate and
explain himself.  Let him say he was,
in so much as a word of one syllable, and I'll either catch hold of his
throat and choke him for half a guinea; Mr. Cruncher dwelt upon this as
quite a liberal offer; or I'll out and announce him.

Humph!  Though how this
man knows it was a sham, is a wonder of wonders to me.

Never you trouble your head about this man, retorted the contentious
Mr. Cruncher; you'll have trouble enough with giving your attention to
that gentleman.  Once more!--Mr. Cruncher could not
be restrained from making rather an ostentatious parade of his
liberality--I'd catch hold of your throat and choke you for half a
guinea.

The Sheep of the prisons turned from him to Sydney Carton, and said,
with more decision, It has come to a point.  Come here.

Mr. Cruncher came forward sideways, with one of his shoulders in advance
of him.  What have you been, besides a messenger?

After some cogitation, accompanied with an intent look at his patron,
Mr. Cruncher conceived the luminous idea of replying, Agicultooral
character.

My mind misgives me much, said Mr. Lorry, angrily shaking a forefinger
at him, that you have used the respectable and great house of Tellson's
as a blind, and that you have had an unlawful occupation of an infamous
description.  Tellson's shall not be imposed upon.

I hope, sir, pleaded the abashed Mr. Cruncher, that a gentleman like
yourself wot I've had the honour of odd jobbing till I'm grey at it,
would think twice about harming of me, even if it wos so--I don't say it
is, but even if it wos.  He'd never have no good of it; he'd want
all along to be out of the line, if he, could see his way out, being
once in--even if it wos so.

Ugh! cried Mr. Lorry, rather relenting, nevertheless, I am shocked at
the sight of you.

Now, what I would humbly offer to you, sir, pursued Mr. Cruncher,
even if it wos so, which I don't say it is--

Don't prevaricate, said Mr. Lorry.  That, Mr. Lorry, said Mr. Cruncher, wiping his forehead with his
arm, as an announcement that he had arrived at the peroration of his
discourse, is wot I would respectfully offer to you, sir.  I want no more words.

Mr. Cruncher knuckled his forehead, as Sydney Carton and the spy
returned from the dark room.  Now what do you think, Mr. Cruncher, said Miss Pross, whose agitation
was so great that she could hardly speak, or stand, or move, or live:
what do you think of our not starting from this courtyard?  Another
carriage having already gone from here to-day, it might awaken
suspicion.

My opinion, miss, returned Mr. Cruncher, is as you're right.  Are
_you_ capable of forming any plan, my dear good Mr. Cruncher?

Respectin' a future spear o' life, miss, returned Mr. Cruncher, I
hope so.  Are
_you_ capable of forming any plan, my dear good Mr. Cruncher?

Respectin' a future spear o' life, miss, returned Mr. Cruncher, I
hope so.  Would you do me the favour, miss, to take notice o'
two promises and wows wot it is my wishes fur to record in this here
crisis?

Oh, for gracious sake! cried Miss Pross, still wildly crying, record
them at once, and get them out of the way, like an excellent man.

First, said Mr. Cruncher, who was all in a tremble, and who spoke with
an ashy and solemn visage, them poor things well out o' this, never no
more will I do it, never no more!

I am quite sure, Mr. Cruncher, returned Miss Pross, that you
never will do it again, whatever it is, and I beg you not to think it
necessary to mention more particularly what it is.

No, miss, returned Jerry, it shall not be named to you.  Would you do me the favour, miss, to take notice o'
two promises and wows wot it is my wishes fur to record in this here
crisis?

Oh, for gracious sake! cried Miss Pross, still wildly crying, record
them at once, and get them out of the way, like an excellent man.

First, said Mr. Cruncher, who was all in a tremble, and who spoke with
an ashy and solemn visage, them poor things well out o' this, never no
more will I do it, never no more!

I am quite sure, Mr. Cruncher, returned Miss Pross, that you
never will do it again, whatever it is, and I beg you not to think it
necessary to mention more particularly what it is.

No, miss, returned Jerry, it shall not be named to you.  Second: them
poor things well out o' this, and never no more will I interfere with
Mrs. Cruncher's flopping, never no more!

Whatever housekeeping arrangement that may be, said Miss Pross,
striving to dry her eyes and compose herself, I have no doubt it
is best that Mrs. Cruncher should have it entirely under her own
superintendence.--O my poor darlings!

I go so far as to say, miss, moreover, proceeded Mr. Cruncher, with a
most alarming tendency to hold forth as from a pulpit--and let my words
be took down and took to Mrs. Cruncher through yourself--that wot my
opinions respectin' flopping has undergone a change, and that wot I only
hope with all my heart as Mrs. Cruncher may be a flopping at the present
time.

There, there, there!  I hope she is, my dear man, cried the distracted
Miss Pross, and I hope she finds it answering her expectations.

Forbid it, proceeded Mr. Cruncher, with additional solemnity,
additional slowness, and additional tendency to hold forth and hold
out, as anything wot I have ever said or done should be wisited on my
earnest wishes for them poor creeturs now!  My esteemed Mr.
Cruncher, let us think!

Still, Madame Defarge, pursuing her way along the streets, came nearer
and nearer.  If you were to go before, said Miss Pross, and stop the vehicle and
horses from coming here, and were to wait somewhere for me; wouldn't
that be best?

Mr. Cruncher thought it might be best.  Would it be much out of
the way, to take me in, near the great cathedral door between the two
towers?

No, miss, answered Mr. Cruncher.  Then, like the best of men, said Miss Pross, go to the posting-house
straight, and make that change.

I am doubtful, said Mr. Cruncher, hesitating and shaking his head,
about leaving of you, you see.  Bless you, Mr. Cruncher!  Think-not of me, but of the lives
that may depend on both of us!

This exordium, and Miss Pross's two hands in quite agonised entreaty
clasping his, decided Mr. Cruncher.  The usual noises, Mr. Cruncher replied; and looked surprised by the
question and by her aspect.  What do you say?

It was in vain for Mr. Cruncher to repeat what he said; Miss Pross could
not hear him.  So I'll nod my head, thought Mr. Cruncher, amazed, at
all events she'll see that. And she did.  Again Mr. Cruncher nodded his head.  I don't hear it.

Gone deaf in an hour? said Mr. Cruncher, ruminating, with his mind
much disturbed; wot's come to her?

I feel, said Miss Pross, as if there had been a flash and a crash,
and that crash was the last thing I should ever hear in this life.

Blest if she ain't in a queer condition! said Mr. Cruncher, more and
more disturbed.  I don't hear it.

Gone deaf in an hour? said Mr. Cruncher, ruminating, with his mind
much disturbed; wot's come to her?

I feel, said Miss Pross, as if there had been a flash and a crash,
and that crash was the last thing I should ever hear in this life.

Blest if she ain't in a queer condition! said Mr. Cruncher, more and
more disturbed.  O,
my good man, there was first a great crash, and then a great stillness,
and that stillness seems to be fixed and unchangeable, never to be
broken any more as long as my life lasts.

If she don't hear the roll of those dreadful carts, now very nigh their
journey's end, said Mr. Cruncher, glancing over his shoulder, it's my
opinion that indeed she never will hear anything else in this world.

And indeed she never did. 

Frase lunga: I go so far as to say, miss, moreover, proceeded Mr. Cruncher, with a
most alarming tendency to hold forth as from a pulpit--and let my words
be took down and took to Mrs. Cruncher through yourself--that wot my
opinions respectin' flopping has undergone a change, and that wot I only
hope with all my heart as Mrs. Cruncher may be a flopping at the present
time. 
Frase corta: What!

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Mr.', 104), ('Cruncher', 98), ('Pross', 23), ('Miss', 23), ('Jerry', 20), ('way', 9), ('Lorry', 8), ('wot', 7), ('mind', 7), ('head', 7)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('said', 44), ('was', 25), ('be', 24), ('is', 22), ('had', 21), ('do', 18), ('have', 14), ("'s", 11), ('returned', 9), ('been', 8)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Mr. Cruncher', 85), (' Miss Pross', 22), (' Jerry', 16), (' Mr.', 11), (' Cruncher', 8), (' Mr. Lorry', 7), (' Young Jerry', 4), (' Sydney Carton', 2), (' Tellson', 2), (' Barsad', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Well', 2), (' Blest', 2), (' First', 2), (' Gone', 2), (' Ecod', 1), (' Scientific', 1), (' Christian', 1), (' French', 1), (' Unseen', 1), (' Ha', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['March']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: No, miss, answered Mr. Cruncher. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Lucie 
Frequenza: 81 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Miss Lucie looks ill, Mr.
Darnay has had a terrible day, we are worn out.

Speak for yourself, Mr. Lorry, said Stryver; I have a night's work to
do yet.  My father, said Lucie, softly laying her hand on his.  The first was
the best room, and in it were Lucie's birds, and flowers, and books,
and desk, and work-table, and box of water-colours; the second was
the Doctor's consulting-room, used also as the dining-room; the third,
changingly speckled by the rustle of the plane-tree in the yard, was the
Doctor's bedroom, and there, in a corner, stood the disused shoemaker's
bench and tray of tools, much as it had stood on the fifth floor of the
dismal house by the wine-shop, in the suburb of Saint Antoine in Paris.  As we happen to be alone for the moment, and are both people of
business, he said, when they had got back to the drawing-room and had
sat down there in friendly relations, let me ask you--does the Doctor,
in talking with Lucie, never refer to the shoemaking time, yet?

Never.

And yet keeps that bench and those tools beside him?

Ah! returned Miss Pross, shaking her head.  The Doctor was a pleasant sight too, looking on at
them, and telling Miss Pross how she spoilt Lucie, in accents and with
eyes that had as much spoiling in them as Miss Pross had, and would
have had more if it were possible.  It was an oppressive day, and, after dinner, Lucie proposed that the
wine should be carried out under the plane-tree, and they should sit
there in the air.  Doctor Manette received him kindly, and so did Lucie.  The
resemblance between him and Lucie was very strong at such times, and as
they sat side by side, she leaning on his shoulder, and he resting
his arm on the back of her chair, it was very agreeable to trace the
likeness.  They told me a
curious thing when I was there.

What was that? Lucie asked.  What the unknown prisoner had written will never be read, but he
had written something, and hidden it away to keep it from the gaoler.

My father, exclaimed Lucie, you are ill!

He had suddenly started up, with his hand to his head.  Lucie sat by her father; Darnay sat beside her; Carton
leaned against a window.  Is it not impressive, Mr. Darnay? asked Lucie.  It was the close of the summer
day, and he knew Lucie to be out with Miss Pross.  I do not doubt your loving Lucie; you may be satisfied of it.

He turned towards him in his chair, but did not look at him, or
raise his eyes.  His chin dropped upon his hand, and his white hair
overshadowed his face:

Have you spoken to Lucie?

No.

Nor written?

Never.

It would be ungenerous to affect not to know that your self-denial is
to be referred to your consideration for her father.  Not to divide
with Lucie her privilege as your child, companion, and friend; but to
come in aid of it, and bind her closer to you, if such a thing can be.

His touch still lingered on her father's hand.  My daughter Lucie is, in this one
respect, such a mystery to me; I can make no guess at the state of her
heart.

May I ask, sir, if you think she is-- As he hesitated, her father
supplied the rest.  If your suit should prosper, if Lucie
should love you, you shall tell me on your marriage morning.  God bless you!

It was dark when Charles Darnay left him, and it was an hour later and
darker when Lucie came home; she hurried into the room alone--for
Miss Pross had gone straight up-stairs--and was surprised to find his
reading-chair empty.  He was shown up-stairs, and found Lucie at her work, alone.  Lucie was to be married to-morrow.  More than that, he
added, as he tenderly kissed her: my future is far brighter, Lucie,
seen through your marriage, than it could have been--nay, than it ever
was--without it.

If I could hope _that_, my father!--

Believe it, love!  Even to hear that you had such thoughts of a daughter who
never existed, strikes to my heart as if I had been that child.

You, Lucie?  Can you follow me, Lucie?  So, the time came for him to bid Lucie good night, and they separated.  But, in the stillness of the third hour of the morning, Lucie came
downstairs again, and stole into his room; not free from unshaped fears,
beforehand.  And so, said Mr. Lorry, who could not sufficiently admire the bride,
and who had been moving round her to take in every point of her quiet,
pretty dress; and so it was for this, my sweet Lucie, that I brought
you across the Channel, such a baby!  Now, my dear Lucie, drawing his arm soothingly round
her waist, I hear them moving in the next room, and Miss Pross and
I, as two formal folks of business, are anxious not to lose the final
opportunity of saying something to you that you wish to hear.  The secret was
well kept, and Lucie was unconscious and happy; but he could not fail to
observe that the shoemaker, whose hand had been a little out at first,
was growing dreadfully skilful, and that he had never been so intent on
his work, and that his hands had never been so nimble and expert, as in
the dusk of the ninth evening.  On the
three following days he remained perfectly well, and on the fourteenth
day he went away to join Lucie and her husband.  Ever busily winding the golden thread which bound
her husband, and her father, and herself, and her old directress and
companion, in a life of quiet bliss, Lucie sat in the still house in
the tranquilly resounding corner, listening to the echoing footsteps of
years.  Ever busily winding the golden thread that bound them all together,
weaving the service of her happy influence through the tissue of all
their lives, and making it predominate nowhere, Lucie heard in the
echoes of years none but friendly and soothing sounds.  Carton
was the first stranger to whom little Lucie held out her chubby arms,
and he kept his place with her as she grew.  These three young gentlemen, Mr. Stryver, exuding patronage of the most
offensive quality from every pore, had walked before him like three
sheep to the quiet corner in Soho, and had offered as pupils to
Lucie's husband: delicately saying Halloa!  These were among the echoes to which Lucie, sometimes pensive, sometimes
amused and laughing, listened in the echoing corner, until her little
daughter was six years old.  And it was now, about
little Lucie's sixth birthday, that they began to have an awful sound,
as of a great storm in France with a dreadful sea rising.  On a night in mid-July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, Mr.
Lorry came in late, from Tellson's, and sat himself down by Lucie and
her husband in the dark window.  Is the teaboard still there, Lucie?  Three more birthdays
of little Lucie had been woven by the golden thread into the peaceful
tissue of the life of her home.  He knew very well, that in his love for Lucie,
his renunciation of his social place, though by no means new to his own
mind, had been hurried and incomplete.  My love to Lucie, and to little Lucie, said
Mr. Lorry at parting, and take precious care of them till I come back.
 Charles Darnay shook his head and doubtfully smiled, as the carriage
rolled away.  That night--it was the fourteenth of August--he sat up late, and wrote
two fervent letters; one was to Lucie, explaining the strong obligation
he was under to go to Paris, and showing her, at length, the reasons
that he had, for feeling confident that he could become involved in no
personal danger there; the other was to the Doctor, confiding Lucie and
their dear child to his care, and dwelling on the same topics with the
strongest assurances.  My husband!

Your husband, Lucie?

Charles.

What of Charles?

Here.  I
knew it would be so; I knew I could help Charles out of all danger; I
told Lucie so.--What is that noise? His hand was again upon the window.  No, Lucie, my
dear, nor you! He got his arm round her, and held her.  Lucie had, by that time, fallen into a stupor on the floor at his feet,
clinging to his hand.  What is it? cried Lucie, affrighted.  His own possessions, safety, life, he would have hazarded
for Lucie and her child, without a moment's demur; but the great trust
he held was not his own, and as to that business charge he was a strict
man of business.  Noon coming, and the Doctor not returning, and every minute's delay
tending to compromise Tellson's, Mr. Lorry advised with Lucie.  To this lodging he at once removed Lucie and her child, and Miss Pross:
giving them what comfort he could, and much more than he had himself.  They passed through the intervening streets as quickly as they might,
ascended the staircase of the new domicile, were admitted by Jerry,
and found Lucie weeping, alone.  You had better, Lucie, said Mr. Lorry, doing all he could to
propitiate, by tone and manner, have the dear child here, and our
good Pross.  We
may go.

But, the suppressed manner had enough of menace in it--not visible and
presented, but indistinct and withheld--to alarm Lucie into saying, as
she laid her appealing hand on Madame Defarge's dress:

You will be good to my poor husband.  Influence; he says something touching
influence?

That my father, said Lucie, hurriedly taking the paper from her
breast, but with her alarmed eyes on her questioner and not on it, has
much influence around him.

Surely it will release him! said Madame Defarge.  Let it do so.

As a wife and mother, cried Lucie, most earnestly, I implore you to
have pity on me and not to exercise any power that you possess, against
my innocent husband, but to use it in his behalf.  We have borne this a long time, said Madame Defarge, turning her eyes
again upon Lucie.  Courage, my dear Lucie, said Mr. Lorry, as he raised her.  So much of what had happened in that dreadful time as could be
kept from the knowledge of Lucie was so well concealed from her, that
not until long afterwards, when France and she were far apart, did she
know that eleven hundred defenceless prisoners of both sexes and all
ages had been killed by the populace; that four days and nights had been
darkened by this deed of horror; and that the air around her had been
tainted by the slain.  He could now assure Lucie
that her husband was no longer confined alone, but was mixed with the
general body of prisoners; he saw her husband weekly, and brought sweet
messages to her, straight from his lips; sometimes her husband himself
sent a letter to her (though never by the Doctor's hand), but she was
not permitted to write to him: for, among the many wild suspicions of
plots in the prisons, the wildest of all pointed at emigrants who were
known to have made friends or permanent connections abroad.  The preceding relative positions of himself
and Lucie were reversed, yet only as the liveliest gratitude and
affection could reverse them, for he could have had no pride but in
rendering some service to her who had rendered so much to him.  Among these terrors, and the brood belonging to them, the Doctor walked
with a steady head: confident in his power, cautiously persistent in his
end, never doubting that he would save Lucie's husband at last.  During all that time Lucie was never
sure, from hour to hour, but that the Guillotine would strike off her
husband's head next day.  All the
family!

Lucie shuddered as he threw two more billets into his basket, but it was
impossible to be there while the wood-sawyer was at work, and not be in
his sight.  In all weathers, in the snow and frost of winter, in the bitter winds of
spring, in the hot sunshine of summer, in the rains of autumn, and again
in the snow and frost of winter, Lucie passed two hours of every day at
this place; and every day on leaving it, she kissed the prison wall.  At first, they were a
mere storm of coarse red caps and coarse woollen rags; but, as they
filled the place, and stopped to dance about Lucie, some ghastly
apparition of a dance-figure gone raving mad arose among them.  As it passed, leaving Lucie frightened and
bewildered in the doorway of the wood-sawyer's house, the feathery snow
fell as quietly and lay as white and soft, as if it had never been.  You may
kiss your hand towards that highest shelving roof.

I do so, father, and I send him my Soul with it!

You cannot see him, my poor dear?

No, father, said Lucie, yearning and weeping as she kissed her hand,
no.

A footstep in the snow.  After grasping the Doctor's hand, as he stood victorious and proud
before him; after grasping the hand of Mr. Lorry, who came panting in
breathless from his struggle against the waterspout of the Carmagnole;
after kissing little Lucie, who was lifted up to clasp her arms round
his neck; and after embracing the ever zealous and faithful Pross who
lifted her; he took his wife in his arms, and carried her up to their
rooms.  Pray, pray, be cautious! cried Lucie.  Again? Lucie remonstrated.  Cruncher!--Don't
you move, Ladybird!

They went out, leaving Lucie, and her husband, her father, and the
child, by a bright fire.  Little Lucie
sat by her grandfather with her hands clasped through his arm: and he,
in a tone not rising much above a whisper, began to tell her a story of
a great and powerful Fairy who had opened a prison-wall and let out
a captive who had once done the Fairy a service.  All was subdued and
quiet, and Lucie was more at ease than she had been.  _You_, your father's daughter!

I thought, my father, said Lucie, excusing herself, with a pale face
and in a faltering voice, that I heard strange feet upon the stairs.

My love, the staircase is as still as Death.

As he said the word, a blow was struck upon the door.  As I was telling you last night when Lucie came in so
unexpectedly, I have at length done all that I can do here.  The quick noise and movement of the court's
emptying itself by many passages had not ceased, when Lucie stood
stretching out her arms towards her husband, with nothing in her face
but love and consolation.  He said he had been with Lucie
until just now, and had only left her for a few minutes, to come and
keep his appointment.  Mr. Lorry waited until ten; but, Doctor Manette not returning, and
he being unwilling to leave Lucie any longer, it was arranged that he
should go back to her, and come to the banking-house again at midnight.  Free and happy, back in the old house in Soho (though it had
nothing in it like the real house), unaccountably released and light of
heart, he was with Lucie again, and she told him it was all a dream, and
he had never gone away.  Can they not be induced to go faster?
 asks Lucie, clinging to the old man.  She then placed herself before
the door of the chamber which Lucie had occupied. 

Frase lunga: The first was
the best room, and in it were Lucie's birds, and flowers, and books,
and desk, and work-table, and box of water-colours; the second was
the Doctor's consulting-room, used also as the dining-room; the third,
changingly speckled by the rustle of the plane-tree in the yard, was the
Doctor's bedroom, and there, in a corner, stood the disused shoemaker's
bench and tray of tools, much as it had stood on the fifth floor of the
dismal house by the wine-shop, in the suburb of Saint Antoine in Paris. 
Frase corta: Never.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Lucie', 83), ('father', 14), ('husband', 13), ('hand', 13), ('Mr.', 12), ('Doctor', 11), ('Pross', 9), ('Lorry', 9), ('Miss', 8), ('day', 7)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 45), ('had', 42), ('be', 16), ('said', 14), ('been', 14), ('have', 11), ('were', 8), ('is', 7), ('came', 6), ('do', 5)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Lucie', 81), (' Mr. Lorry', 8), (' Miss Pross', 7), (' Charles', 4), (' Madame Defarge', 3), (' Doctor', 3), (' Tellson', 2), (' Mr. Darnay', 2), (' Carton', 2), (' Stryver', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Lucie', 2), (' Doctor', 2), (' Paris', 2), (' France', 2), (' Soho', 2), (' Noon', 1), (' Ah', 1), (' Courage', 1), (' Carmagnole', 1), (' _You_', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['May'], ['July'], ['August']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: His hand was again upon the window. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Jerry 
Frequenza: 80 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Is it Jerry?

(I don't like Jerry's voice, if it is Jerry, growled the guard to
himself.  Is it Jerry?

(I don't like Jerry's voice, if it is Jerry, growled the guard to
himself.  Is it Jerry?

(I don't like Jerry's voice, if it is Jerry, growled the guard to
himself.  And hallo you! said Jerry, more hoarsely than before.  Jerry, say that my answer was, RECALLED
TO LIFE.

Jerry started in his saddle.  Jerry, say that my answer was, RECALLED
TO LIFE.

Jerry started in his saddle.  Hallo, Joe.

Did you hear the message?

I did, Joe.

What did you make of it, Tom?

Nothing at all, Joe.

That's a coincidence, too, the guard mused, for I made the same of it
myself.

Jerry, left alone in the mist and darkness, dismounted meanwhile, not
only to ease his spent horse, but to wipe the mud from his face, and
shake the wet out of his hat-brim, which might be capable of
holding about half a gallon.  Much of that wouldn't do for you, Jerry!  I say, Jerry!  You'd
be in a Blazing bad way, if recalling to life was to come into fashion,
Jerry!




III.  No, Jerry, no! said the messenger, harping on one theme as he rode.  It wouldn't do for you, Jerry.  Jerry, you honest tradesman, it wouldn't
suit _your_ line of business!  His surname was Cruncher, and on the youthful
occasion of his renouncing by proxy the works of darkness, in the
easterly parish church of Hounsditch, he had received the added
appellation of Jerry.  your mother's a nice woman, young Jerry, going a praying agin your
father's prosperity.  Name the price that you put _your_ prayers at!

They only come from the heart, Jerry.  Young Jerry, dress yourself, my
boy, and while I clean my boots keep a eye upon your mother now and
then, and if you see any signs of more flopping, give me a call.  It could scarcely be called a trade, in spite of his favourite
description of himself as a honest tradesman. His stock consisted of
a wooden stool, made out of a broken-backed chair cut down, which stool,
young Jerry, walking at his father's side, carried every morning to
beneath the banking-house window that was nearest Temple Bar: where,
with the addition of the first handful of straw that could be gleaned
from any passing vehicle to keep the cold and wet from the odd-job-man's
feet, it formed the encampment for the day.  Encamped at a quarter before nine, in good time to touch his
three-cornered hat to the oldest of men as they passed in to Tellson's,
Jerry took up his station on this windy March morning, with young Jerry
standing by him, when not engaged in making forays through the Bar, to
inflict bodily and mental injuries of an acute description on passing
boys who were small enough for his amiable purpose.  The resemblance was not lessened by the accidental circumstance, that
the mature Jerry bit and spat out straw, while the twinkling eyes of the
youthful Jerry were as restlessly watchful of him as of everything else
in Fleet-street.  Here's an early job to begin with!

Having thus given his parent God speed, young Jerry seated himself on
the stool, entered on his reversionary interest in the straw his father
had been chewing, and cogitated.  His fingers is al-ways rusty! muttered young Jerry.  A Sight


You know the Old Bailey well, no doubt? said one of the oldest of
clerks to Jerry the messenger.  Ye-es, sir, returned Jerry, in something of a dogged manner.  Much
better, said Jerry, not unlike a reluctant witness at the establishment
in question, than I, as a honest tradesman, wish to know the Bailey.

Very well.  This is to tell him
you are there.

As the ancient clerk deliberately folded and superscribed the note,
Mr. Cruncher, after surveying him in silence until he came to the
blotting-paper stage, remarked:

I suppose they'll be trying Forgeries this morning?

Treason!

That's quartering, said Jerry.  I give you that advice.

It's the damp, sir, what settles on my chest and voice, said Jerry.  Go along.

Jerry took the letter, and, remarking to himself with less internal
deference than he made an outward show of, You are a lean old one,
too, made his bow, informed his son, in passing, of his destination,
and went his way.  That's the sentence.

If he's found Guilty, you mean to say? Jerry added, by way of proviso.  After some gruff coughing and rubbing of his chin and signing
with his hand, Jerry attracted the notice of Mr. Lorry, who had stood up
to look for him, and who quietly nodded and sat down again.  Blest if I know, said Jerry.  What have _you_ got to do with it, then, if a person may inquire?

Blest if I know that either, said Jerry.  Conspicuous among these latter, like an animated bit of the spiked wall
of Newgate, Jerry stood: aiming at the prisoner the beery breath of a
whet he had taken as he came along, and discharging it to mingle with
the waves of other beer, and gin, and tea, and coffee, and what not,
that flowed at him, and already broke upon the great windows behind him
in an impure mist and rain.  This much, Jerry, with his head
becoming more and more spiky as the law terms bristled it, made out with
huge satisfaction, and so arrived circuitously at the understanding that
the aforesaid, and over and over again aforesaid, Charles Darnay, stood
there before him upon his trial; that the jury were swearing in; and
that Mr. Attorney-General was making ready to speak.  This had been so very
noticeable, so very powerfully and naturally shown, that starers who
had had no pity for him were touched by her; and the whisper went about,
Who are they?

Jerry, the messenger, who had made his own observations, in his own
manner, and who had been sucking the rust off his fingers in his
absorption, stretched his neck to hear who they were.  The crowd about
him had pressed and passed the inquiry on to the nearest attendant, and
from him it had been more slowly pressed and passed back; at last it got
to Jerry:

Witnesses.

For which side?

Against.

Against what side?

The prisoner's.

The Judge, whose eyes had gone in the general direction, recalled them,
leaned back in his seat, and looked steadily at the man whose life was
in his hand, as Mr. Attorney-General rose to spin the rope, grind the
axe, and hammer the nails into the scaffold.  Mr. Lorry, who had gone out when the young lady and her father went out,
now reappeared, and beckoned to Jerry: who, in the slackened interest,
could easily get near him.  You
are the quickest messenger I know, and will get to Temple Bar long
before I can.

Jerry had just enough forehead to knuckle, and he knuckled it in
acknowledgment of this communication and a shilling.  The way out of court lay in that direction, and Jerry followed him, all
eyes, ears, and spikes.  But I think their
withdrawing is in your favour.

Loitering on the way out of court not being allowed, Jerry heard no
more: but left them--so like each other in feature, so unlike each other
in manner--standing side by side, both reflected in the glass above
them.  Jerry! Mr. Lorry was already calling at the door when he got
there.  Have you got
it?

Yes, sir.

Hastily written on the paper was the word ACQUITTED.

If you had sent the message, 'Recalled to Life,' again, muttered
Jerry, as he turned, I should have known what you meant, this time.

He had no opportunity of saying, or so much as thinking, anything else,
until he was clear of the Old Bailey; for, the crowd came pouring out
with a vehemence that nearly took him off his legs, and a loud buzz
swept into the street as if the baffled blue-flies were dispersing in
search of other carrion.  The great bell of Saint Paul's was striking one in the cleared air, when
Mr. Lorry, escorted by Jerry, high-booted and bearing a lantern, set
forth on his return-passage to Clerkenwell.  There were solitary patches
of road on the way between Soho and Clerkenwell, and Mr. Lorry, mindful
of foot-pads, always retained Jerry for this service: though it was
usually performed a good two hours earlier.  Almost a night, Jerry, said Mr. Lorry, to
bring the dead out of their graves.

I never see the night myself, master--nor yet I don't expect to--what
would do that, answered Jerry.  Almost a night, Jerry, said Mr. Lorry, to
bring the dead out of their graves.

I never see the night myself, master--nor yet I don't expect to--what
would do that, answered Jerry.  With his straw in his mouth, Mr. Cruncher sat watching the two streams,
like the heathen rustic who has for several centuries been on duty
watching one stream--saving that Jerry had no expectation of their ever
running dry.  Young Jerry, said Mr. Cruncher, turning to his offspring, it's a
buryin'.

Hooroar, father! cried Young Jerry.  Old Bailey
Spi--i--ies!

Why, to be sure! exclaimed Jerry, recalling the Trial at which he had
assisted.  Young Jerry relieved his father with dutiful interest, and reported No
job in his absence.  Drop it altogether.

Yes, Jerry.

Yes, Jerry, repeated Mr. Cruncher sitting down to tea.  It _is_
yes, Jerry.  You and your yes, Jerry, said Mr. Cruncher, taking a bite out of his
bread-and-butter, and seeming to help it down with a large invisible
oyster out of his saucer.  Do you call yourself a mother,
and not know that a mother's first duty is to blow her boy out?

This touched Young Jerry on a tender place; who adjured his mother to
perform her first duty, and, whatever else she did or neglected, above
all things to lay especial stress on the discharge of that maternal
function so affectingly and delicately indicated by his other parent.  Young Jerry, who had only made a feint of undressing when he went to
bed, was not long after his father.  Whatever tools they worked with, they worked hard, until the awful
striking of the church clock so terrified Young Jerry, that he made off,
with his hair as stiff as his father's.  Young Jerry very well knew what
it would be; but, when he saw it, and saw his honoured parent about to
wrench it open, he was so frightened, being new to the sight, that he
made off again, and never stopped until he had run a mile or more.  I told you I would, said Mr. Cruncher, and I did.

Jerry, Jerry, Jerry! his wife implored.  I told you I would, said Mr. Cruncher, and I did.

Jerry, Jerry, Jerry! his wife implored.  You oppose yourself to the profit of the business, said Jerry, and me
and my partners suffer.  You was to honour and obey; why the devil don't
you?

I try to be a good wife, Jerry, the poor woman protested, with tears.  Young Jerry, walking with the stool under his arm at his father's side
along sunny and crowded Fleet-street, was a very different Young Jerry
from him of the previous night, running home through darkness and
solitude from his grim pursuer.  I intend to take Jerry.  Jerry has been my
bodyguard on Sunday nights for a long time past and I am used to him.  Nobody will suspect Jerry of being anything but an English bull-dog, or
of having any design in his head but to fly at anybody who touches his
master.

I must say again that I heartily admire your gallantry and
youthfulness.

I must say again, nonsense, nonsense!  A carriage with post-horses was ready at the Bank door, and Jerry was
booted and equipped.  He left Jerry with them, as a figure to fill a doorway that would bear
considerable knocking on the head, and returned to his own occupations.  They passed through the intervening streets as quickly as they might,
ascended the staircase of the new domicile, were admitted by Jerry,
and found Lucie weeping, alone.  Partly on this account, and
partly to avoid a domestic spy, they kept no servant; the citizen and
citizeness who acted as porters at the courtyard gate, rendered them
occasional service; and Jerry (almost wholly transferred to them by
Mr. Lorry) had become their daily retainer, and had his bed there every
night.  Now, Mr. Cruncher, said Miss Pross, whose eyes were red with felicity;
if you are ready, I am.

Jerry hoarsely professed himself at Miss Pross's service.  Nice toasts
these Redheads will be drinking, wherever we buy it.

It will be much the same to your knowledge, miss, I should think,
 retorted Jerry, whether they drink your health or the Old Un's.

Who's he? said Miss Pross.  That's the name for a thousand pound! cried Jerry.  I'll have my head took off, if he was ever in it.

The spy looked round at the two gentlemen; they both looked in
unspeakable astonishment at Jerry.  I tell you, said Jerry, that you buried paving-stones and earth in
that there coffin.  Finally, he had proposed, after anxious consideration, that Miss Pross
and Jerry, who were at liberty to leave the city, should leave it at
three o'clock in the lightest-wheeled conveyance known to that period.  She and Jerry had
beheld the coach start, had known who it was that Solomon brought, had
passed some ten minutes in tortures of suspense, and were now concluding
their arrangements to follow the coach, even as Madame Defarge,
taking her way through the streets, now drew nearer and nearer to the
else-deserted lodging in which they held their consultation.  Would you do me the favour, miss, to take notice o'
two promises and wows wot it is my wishes fur to record in this here
crisis?

Oh, for gracious sake! cried Miss Pross, still wildly crying, record
them at once, and get them out of the way, like an excellent man.

First, said Mr. Cruncher, who was all in a tremble, and who spoke with
an ashy and solemn visage, them poor things well out o' this, never no
more will I do it, never no more!

I am quite sure, Mr. Cruncher, returned Miss Pross, that you
never will do it again, whatever it is, and I beg you not to think it
necessary to mention more particularly what it is.

No, miss, returned Jerry, it shall not be named to you. 

Frase lunga: Conspicuous among these latter, like an animated bit of the spiked wall
of Newgate, Jerry stood: aiming at the prisoner the beery breath of a
whet he had taken as he came along, and discharging it to mingle with
the waves of other beer, and gin, and tea, and coffee, and what not,
that flowed at him, and already broke upon the great windows behind him
in an impure mist and rain. 
Frase corta: III.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Jerry', 96), ('Mr.', 20), ('Cruncher', 11), ('Young', 10), ('father', 9), ('Lorry', 8), ('way', 8), ('side', 6), ('Pross', 6), ('Miss', 6)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('had', 26), ('was', 22), ('said', 19), ('do', 13), ('were', 11), ('be', 10), ('is', 10), ('made', 9), ("'s", 9), ('know', 6)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Jerry', 94), (' Mr. Cruncher', 10), (' Mr. Lorry', 6), (' Young', 6), (' Miss Pross', 5), (' Mr.', 4), (' Joe', 3), (' Young Jerry', 2), (' Temple Bar', 2), (' Lucie', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Blest', 2), (' Hallo', 1), (' Newgate', 1), (' Very', 1), (' Nobody', 1), (' Encamped', 1), (' Hounsditch', 1), (' Life', 1), (' Bailey', 1), (' Hooroar', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['March'], ['Sunday']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: It wouldn't do for you, Jerry. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Carton 
Frequenza: 80 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Mr. Carton came up
at the moment, and touched Mr. Lorry on the arm.  Accept my cordial thanks.

What, said Carton, still only half turned towards him, do you expect,
Mr. Darnay?

The worst.

It's the wisest thing to expect, and the likeliest.  Here, they were
shown into a little room, where Charles Darnay was soon recruiting
his strength with a good plain dinner and good wine: while Carton sat
opposite to him at the same table, with his separate bottle of port
before him, and his fully half-insolent manner upon him.  Now your dinner is done, Carton presently said, why don't you call a
health, Mr. Darnay; why don't you give your toast?

What health?  Mr. Darnay, let me ask you a question.

Willingly, and a small return for your good offices.

Do you think I particularly like you?

Really, Mr. Carton, returned the other, oddly disconcerted, I have
not asked myself the question.

But ask yourself the question now.

You have acted as if you do; but I don't think you do.

_I_ don't think I do, said Carton.  I begin to have a very good
opinion of your understanding.

Nevertheless, pursued Darnay, rising to ring the bell, there is
nothing in that, I hope, to prevent my calling the reckoning, and our
parting without ill-blood on either side.

Carton rejoining, Nothing in life! Darnay rang.  Do you call the whole
reckoning? said Carton.  Without returning the wish, Carton rose too, with something of a threat
of defiance in his manner, and said, A last word, Mr. Darnay: you think
I am drunk?

I think you have been drinking, Mr. Carton.

Think?  Stryver never had a case in hand,
anywhere, but Carton was there, with his hands in his pockets, staring
at the ceiling of the court; they went the same Circuit, and even there
they prolonged their usual orgies late into the night, and Carton was
rumoured to be seen at broad day, going home stealthily and unsteadily
to his lodgings, like a dissipated cat.  You were always in the front rank, and I was always behind.

I had to get into the front rank; I was not born there, was I?

I was not present at the ceremony; but my opinion is you were, said
Carton.  Before Shrewsbury, and at Shrewsbury, and ever since Shrewsbury,
 pursued Carton, you have fallen into your rank, and I have fallen into
mine.  Mr. Carton had lounged in, but he
made only Two.  Lucie sat by her father; Darnay sat beside her; Carton
leaned against a window.  It comes slowly.

It comes surely, said Carton.  When I have yielded myself to it, I have been alone, and
then I have imagined them the footsteps of the people who are to come
into my life, and my father's.

I take them into mine! said Carton.  I mean I am a man of more--more--

Say gallantry, while you are about it, suggested Carton.  Why do I do it?

I never saw you do it yet, muttered Carton.  I
get on.

You don't get on with your account of your matrimonial intentions,
 answered Carton, with a careless air; I wish you would keep to that.  Are you astonished?

Carton, still drinking the punch, rejoined, Why should I be
astonished?

You approve?

Carton, still drinking the punch, rejoined, Why should I not approve?

Well! said his friend Stryver, you take it more easily than I fancied
you would, and are less mercenary on my behalf than I thought you would
be; though, to be sure, you know well enough by this time that your
ancient chum is a man of a pretty strong will.  Darnay, said Carton, I wish we might be friends.

We are already friends, I hope.

You are good enough to say so, as a fashion of speech; but, I don't
mean any fashion of speech.  Upon my life, said Carton, smiling, I find that easier to comprehend
in my own mind, than to convey to yours.  Earnestness in you, is anything but alarming
to me.

Ah! said Carton, with a careless wave of his hand, as if he waved that
away.  Have I had nothing more important to
remember, in the great service you rendered me that day?

As to the great service, said Carton, I am bound to avow to you, when
you speak of it in that way, that it was mere professional claptrap, I
don't know that I cared what became of you, when I rendered it.--Mind!  I may use that freedom with your name?

I think so, Carton, by this time.

They shook hands upon it, and Sydney turned away.  Carton
was the first stranger to whom little Lucie held out her chubby arms,
and he kept his place with her as she grew.  Poor Carton!  I won't.

Carton's negligent recklessness of manner came powerfully in aid of his
quickness and skill, in such a business as he had in his secret mind,
and with such a man as he had to do with.  They left her at the corner of the street, and Carton led the way to Mr.
Lorry's, which was within a few minutes' walk.  I have an association
with the name--and with the face.

I told you you had a remarkable face, Mr. Barsad, observed Carton,
coolly.  I admit that _I_ am a spy, and that it is
considered a discreditable station--though it must be filled by
somebody; but this gentleman is no spy, and why should he so demean
himself as to make himself one?

I play my Ace, Mr. Barsad, said Carton, taking the answer on himself,
and looking at his watch, without any scruple, in a very few minutes.

I should have hoped, gentlemen both, said the spy, always striving to
hook Mr. Lorry into the discussion, that your respect for my sister--

I could not better testify my respect for your sister than by finally
relieving her of her brother, said Sydney Carton.  While he was at a loss, Carton said, resuming his former air
of contemplating cards:

And indeed, now I think again, I have a strong impression that I
have another good card here, not yet enumerated.  French, eh? repeated Carton, musing, and not appearing to notice him
at all, though he echoed his word.  Well; he may be.

Is, I assure you, said the spy; though it's not important.

Though it's not important, repeated Carton, in the same mechanical
way--though it's not important--No, it's not important.  Foreign! cried Carton, striking his open hand on the table, as a
light broke clearly on his mind.  I see one thing, said Carton.  It is all I could do, said Carton.  You are a good man and a true friend, said Carton, in an altered
voice.  He gave him his hand, and Carton gently pressed it.  To return to poor Darnay, said Carton.  She might think a thousand things, Carton said, and any of them would
only add to her trouble.  It
attracted Mr. Lorry's eyes to Carton's face, which was turned to the
fire.  And your duties here have drawn to an end, sir? said Carton, turning
to him.  Yours is a long life to look back upon, sir? said Carton, wistfully.  ),
and by many associations of the days when what we call the World was not
so real with me, and my faults were not confirmed in me.

I understand the feeling! exclaimed Carton, with a bright flush.  And
you are the better for it?

I hope so.

Carton terminated the conversation here, by rising to help him on with
his outer coat; But you, said Mr. Lorry, reverting to the theme, you
are young.

Yes, said Carton.  And
you are the better for it?

I hope so.

Carton terminated the conversation here, by rising to help him on with
his outer coat; But you, said Mr. Lorry, reverting to the theme, you
are young.

Yes, said Carton.  Carton left him
there; but lingered at a little distance, and turned back to the gate
again when it was shut, and touched it.  Word of honour!

As the grinning little man held out the pipe he was smoking, to explain
how he timed the executioner, Carton was so sensible of a rising desire
to strike the life out of him, that he turned away.  But you are not English, said the wood-sawyer, though you wear
English dress?

Yes, said Carton, pausing again, and answering over his shoulder.  Sydney Carton drank nothing but a
little coffee, ate some bread, and, having washed and changed to refresh
himself, went out to the place of trial.  Don't revive her to consciousness, while she only faints.

Oh, Carton, Carton, dear Carton! cried little Lucie, springing up and
throwing her arms passionately round him, in a burst of grief.  Don't revive her to consciousness, while she only faints.

Oh, Carton, Carton, dear Carton! cried little Lucie, springing up and
throwing her arms passionately round him, in a burst of grief.  Don't revive her to consciousness, while she only faints.

Oh, Carton, Carton, dear Carton! cried little Lucie, springing up and
throwing her arms passionately round him, in a burst of grief.  O, look at her, dear Carton!  Don't despond, said Carton, very gently; don't grieve.  He will perish: there is no real hope, echoed Carton.  Having ascertained
its situation, Carton came out of those closer streets again, and dined
at a place of refreshment and fell sound asleep after dinner.  As Carton walked in, took his seat and asked (in very indifferent
French) for a small measure of wine, Madame Defarge cast a careless
glance at him, and then a keener, and then a keener, and then advanced
to him herself, and asked him what it was he had ordered.  And you
are looking forward with so much pleasure to seeing him once more
to-morrow!

Carton followed the lines and words of his paper, with a slow
forefinger, and with a studious and absorbed face.  In the meanwhile, Carton would wait alone by the fire for the Doctor.  Carton was the first to speak:

The last chance is gone: it was not much.  Carton stooped to pick up the coat, which lay almost entangling his
feet.  Carton
took it up, and there was a folded paper in it.  You
will save them all.

Heaven grant I may, Carton!  Dear Carton!  Write exactly as I speak.

To whom do I address it?

To no one. Carton still had his hand in his breast.  'If you remember,' said Carton, dictating, 'the words that passed
between us, long ago, you will readily comprehend this when you see it.  Have you written 'forget them'? Carton asked.  As he looked at Carton
with clouded eyes and with an altered manner of breathing, Carton--his
hand again in his breast--looked steadily at him.  'If it had been otherwise;' Carton's hand was again watchfully and
softly stealing down; 'I never should have used the longer opportunity.  If it had been
otherwise--' Carton looked at the pen and saw it was trailing off into
unintelligible signs.  The prisoner sprang up
with a reproachful look, but Carton's hand was close and firm at his
nostrils, and Carton's left arm caught him round the waist.  Quickly, but with hands as true to the purpose as his heart was, Carton
dressed himself in the clothes the prisoner had laid aside, combed back
his hair, and tied it with the ribbon the prisoner had worn.  You see? said Carton, looking up, as he kneeled on one knee beside the
insensible figure, putting the paper in the breast: is your hazard very
great?

Mr.  Man, man! returned Carton, stamping his foot; have I sworn by no
solemn vow already, to go through with this, that you waste the precious
moments now?  Take him yourself to the courtyard you know of, place
him yourself in the carriage, show him yourself to Mr. Lorry, tell him
yourself to give him no restorative but air, and to remember my words of
last night, and his promise of last night, and drive away!

The Spy withdrew, and Carton seated himself at the table, resting his
forehead on his hands.  I know it well, answered Carton.  Lift him, and come away!

The door closed, and Carton was left alone. 

Frase lunga: Stryver never had a case in hand,
anywhere, but Carton was there, with his hands in his pockets, staring
at the ceiling of the court; they went the same Circuit, and even there
they prolonged their usual orgies late into the night, and Carton was
rumoured to be seen at broad day, going home stealthily and unsteadily
to his lodgings, like a dissipated cat. 
Frase corta: Think?

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Carton', 93), ('Mr.', 18), ('Darnay', 10), ('hand', 8), ('Lorry', 7), ('Do', 6), ('man', 6), ('life', 5), ('Lucie', 5), ('hands', 4)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('said', 34), ('was', 25), ('do', 17), ('have', 16), ('had', 13), ('is', 12), ('are', 12), ('think', 8), ('be', 7), ('turned', 5)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Carton', 84), (' Mr. Lorry', 7), (' Mr. Darnay', 3), (' Darnay', 3), (' Mr.', 3), (' Lucie', 2), (' Sydney', 2), (' Mr. Carton', 2), (' Why', 2), (' Mr. Barsad', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Carton', 5), (' French', 2), (' Darnay', 2), (' Well', 2), (' English', 2), (' Upon', 1), (' Ah', 1), (' Write', 1), (' Earnestness', 1), (' Accept', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: []
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: I know it well, answered Carton. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Mr. 
Frequenza: 69 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
He's hoarser than suits me, is Jerry.)

Yes, Mr. Lorry.

What is the matter?

A despatch sent after you from over yonder.  Mr. Lorry, the passenger, shaking himself out
of it in chains of straw, a tangle of shaggy wrapper, flapping hat, and
muddy legs, was rather like a larger sort of dog.  Mr. Lorry had been idle a long time, and had just poured out his last
glassful of wine with as complete an appearance of satisfaction as is
ever to be found in an elderly gentleman of a fresh complexion who has
got to the end of a bottle, when a rattling of wheels came up the narrow
street, and rumbled into the inn-yard.  Mr. Jarvis Lorry and Miss Manette, emerging from the wine-shop thus,
joined Monsieur Defarge in the doorway to which he had directed his own
company just before.  Mr. Lorry's spirits grew heavier and heavier, as he and his
two companions ascended higher and higher.  Mr. Lorry
got his arm securely round the daughter's waist, and held her; for he
felt that she was sinking.  Mr. Lorry came silently forward, leaving the daughter by the door.  Mr. Lorry and Monsieur Defarge had made all ready for the journey, and
had brought with them, besides travelling cloaks and wrappers, bread and
meat, wine, and hot coffee.  Mr. Cruncher's apartments were not in a savoury neighbourhood, and were
but two in number, even if a closet with a single pane of glass in it
might be counted as one.  Mr. Cruncher reposed under a patchwork counterpane, like a Harlequin
at home.  Mr. Cruncher's temper was not at all improved when he came to his
breakfast.  And you know Mr. Lorry.

I know Mr. Lorry, sir, much better than I know the Bailey.  The door-keeper will pass the note to Mr.
Lorry, and do you make any gesture that will attract Mr. Lorry's
attention, and show him where you stand.  Mr. Lorry
sat at a table, among the gentlemen in wigs: not far from a wigged
gentleman, the prisoner's counsel, who had a great bundle of papers
before him: and nearly opposite another wigged gentleman with his hands
in his pockets, whose whole attention, when Mr. Cruncher looked at him
then or afterwards, seemed to be concentrated on the ceiling of the
court.  This much, Jerry, with his head
becoming more and more spiky as the law terms bristled it, made out with
huge satisfaction, and so arrived circuitously at the understanding that
the aforesaid, and over and over again aforesaid, Charles Darnay, stood
there before him upon his trial; that the jury were swearing in; and
that Mr. Attorney-General was making ready to speak.  The crowd about
him had pressed and passed the inquiry on to the nearest attendant, and
from him it had been more slowly pressed and passed back; at last it got
to Jerry:

Witnesses.

For which side?

Against.

Against what side?

The prisoner's.

The Judge, whose eyes had gone in the general direction, recalled them,
leaned back in his seat, and looked steadily at the man whose life was
in his hand, as Mr. Attorney-General rose to spin the rope, grind the
axe, and hammer the nails into the scaffold.  A Disappointment


Mr. Attorney-General had to inform the jury, that the prisoner before
them, though young in years, was old in the treasonable practices which
claimed the forfeit of his life.  That, he (Mr. Attorney-General) was prepared to
hear some disparagement attempted of this admirable servant; but that,
in a general way, he preferred him to his (Mr. Attorney-General's)
brothers and sisters, and honoured him more than his (Mr.
Attorney-General's) father and mother.  That head
Mr. Attorney-General concluded by demanding of them, in the name of
everything he could think of with a round turn in it, and on the faith
of his solemn asseveration that he already considered the prisoner as
good as dead and gone.  Mr. Solicitor-General then, following his leader's lead, examined the
patriot: John Barsad, gentleman, by name.  The story of his pure soul was
exactly what Mr. Attorney-General had described it to be--perhaps, if
it had a fault, a little too exactly.  The blue-flies buzzed again, and Mr. Attorney-General called Mr. Jarvis
Lorry.  Mr. Attorney-General now signified to my Lord, that he deemed it
necessary, as a matter of precaution and form, to call the young lady's
father, Doctor Manette.  I have no remembrance of the process.

Mr. Attorney-General sat down, and the father and daughter sat down
together.  Mr. Cruncher had by this time taken quite a lunch of rust off his
fingers in his following of the evidence.  How it would be a weakness in the government to break down in this
attempt to practise for popularity on the lowest national antipathies
and fears, and therefore Mr. Attorney-General had made the most of it;
how, nevertheless, it rested upon nothing, save that vile and infamous
character of evidence too often disfiguring such cases, and of which the
State Trials of this country were full.  Mr. Stryver then called his few witnesses, and Mr. Cruncher had next to
attend while Mr. Attorney-General turned the whole suit of clothes Mr.
Stryver had fitted on the jury, inside out; showing how Barsad and
Cly were even a hundred times better than he had thought them, and the
prisoner a hundred times worse.  Mr. Carton, who had so long sat looking at the ceiling of the court,
changed neither his place nor his attitude, even in this excitement.  Mr. Cruncher made the
observation to his next neighbour, and added, I'd hold half a guinea
that _he_ don't get no law-work to do.  Mr. Lorry, who had gone out when the young lady and her father went out,
now reappeared, and beckoned to Jerry: who, in the slackened interest,
could easily get near him.  Mr. Carton came up
at the moment, and touched Mr. Lorry on the arm.  Mr. Darnay had kissed her hand fervently and gratefully, and had turned
to Mr. Stryver, whom he warmly thanked.  Mr. Stryver had left them in the passages, to shoulder his way back
to the robing-room.  Mr. Darnay, good night, God bless you, sir!  Mr. Darnay, let me ask you a question.

Willingly, and a small return for your good offices.

Do you think I particularly like you?

Really, Mr. Carton, returned the other, oddly disconcerted, I have
not asked myself the question.

But ask yourself the question now.

You have acted as if you do; but I don't think you do.

_I_ don't think I do, said Carton.  Mr. Lorry was a pleasant sight too,
beaming at all this in his little wig, and thanking his bachelor
stars for having lighted him in his declining years to a Home.  Mr. Darnay
presented himself while they were sitting under the plane-tree, but he
was only One.  Mr. Carton had lounged in, but he
made only Two.  Mr. Stryver and Sydney Carton were
both here yesterday, and both made you out to be more than due.

I am obliged to them for their interest in the matter, he answered,
a little coldly as to them, though very warmly as to the Doctor.  Mr. Stryver is here too,
occasionally.  I am going, said Mr. Stryver, leaning his arms confidentially on the
desk: whereupon, although it was a large double one, there appeared to
be not half desk enough for him: I am going to make an offer of myself
in marriage to your agreeable little friend, Miss Manette, Mr. Lorry.

Oh dear me! cried Mr. Lorry, rubbing his chin, and looking at his
visitor dubiously.  I mean to tell you, Mr. Stryver, said Mr. Lorry,
reddening, that I will hear no disrespectful word of that young lady
from any lips; and that if I knew any man--which I hope I do not--whose
taste was so coarse, and whose temper was so overbearing, that he could
not restrain himself from speaking disrespectfully of that young lady at
this desk, not even Tellson's should prevent my giving him a piece of my
mind.

The necessity of being angry in a suppressed tone had put Mr. Stryver's
blood-vessels into a dangerous state when it was his turn to be angry;
Mr. Lorry's veins, methodical as their courses could usually be, were in
no better state now it was his turn.  Mr. Lorry, you cannot control the mincing vanities and
giddinesses of empty-headed girls; you must not expect to do it, or you
will always be disappointed.  Mr. Stryver
was lying back on his sofa, winking at his ceiling.  Mr. Cruncher did not assist at the closing sports, but had remained
behind in the churchyard, to confer and condole with the undertakers.  Mr. Cruncher beguiled the earlier watches of the night with
solitary pipes, and did not start upon his excursion until nearly one
o'clock.  Mr.
Cruncher was out of spirits, and out of temper, and kept an iron pot-lid
by him as a projectile for the correction of Mrs. Cruncher, in case
he should observe any symptoms of her saying Grace.  Mr. Lorry glanced at the work in his hand, and observed that it was a
shoe of the old size and shape.  This was done without any demonstrative accompaniment, not long
enough, or often enough to harass him; and it lightened Mr. Lorry's
friendly heart to believe that he looked up oftener, and that he
appeared to be stirred by some perception of inconsistencies surrounding
him.  Even now, when I believe he is more hopeful of
himself than he has ever been, and even speaks of himself with a kind
of confidence, the idea that he might need that old employment, and not
find it, gives him a sudden sense of terror, like that which one may
fancy strikes to the heart of a lost child.

He looked like his illustration, as he raised his eyes to Mr. Lorry's
face.  Why, I am a boy, sir, to half a dozen old codgers here!

How I admire the gallantry of your youthful spirit, Mr. Lorry.

Tut!  Mr. Lorry and Charles Darnay were left alone at the desk,
in the general departure from the Bank.  Mr.
Jerry Cruncher's name, therefore, duly embellished the doorpost down
below; and, as the afternoon shadows deepened, the owner of that name
himself appeared, from overlooking a painter whom Doctor Manette had
employed to add to the list the name of Charles Evremonde, called
Darnay.  Mr. Lorry was expected back presently from the
Banking House.  He had his hands behind
him under the skirts of his riding-coat, and he stood at Mr. Cruncher's
elbow as negligently as he might have stood at the Old Bailey itself.  Mr. Lorry had just finished his dinner, and was sitting before a cheery
little log or two of fire--perhaps looking into their blaze for the
picture of that younger elderly gentleman from Tellson's, who had looked
into the red coals at the Royal George at Dover, now a good many years
ago.  Mr. Barsad, now in the employ of the republican
French government, was formerly in the employ of the aristocratic
English government, the enemy of France and freedom.  Mr. Barsad saw losing cards
in it that Sydney Carton knew nothing of.  Mr. Lorry's eyes were again attracted to his face.  Mr. Lorry was there, and Doctor Manette was there.  Mr. Lorry waited until ten; but, Doctor Manette not returning, and
he being unwilling to leave Lucie any longer, it was arranged that he
should go back to her, and come to the banking-house again at midnight.  Mr. Lorry returned, and found no tidings of him, and
brought none.  Mr. Lorry nodded his consent.  Now, when the journey of the travelling coach, at that very moment
waiting for the completion of its load, had been planned out last night,
the difficulty of taking Miss Pross in it had much engaged Mr. Lorry's
attention.  Wot I say, for-_bid_ it! This was Mr. Cruncher's
conclusion after a protracted but vain endeavour to find a better one.  Mr. Cruncher was so bewildered that he could think of no locality but
Temple Bar. 

Frase lunga: I mean to tell you, Mr. Stryver, said Mr. Lorry,
reddening, that I will hear no disrespectful word of that young lady
from any lips; and that if I knew any man--which I hope I do not--whose
taste was so coarse, and whose temper was so overbearing, that he could
not restrain himself from speaking disrespectfully of that young lady at
this desk, not even Tellson's should prevent my giving him a piece of my
mind. 
Frase corta: Against.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Mr.', 83), ('Lorry', 31), ('Cruncher', 13), ('Attorney-General', 13), ('Stryver', 9), ('Darnay', 7), ('Carton', 7), ('Manette', 6), ('Doctor', 5), ('name', 5)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('had', 31), ('was', 27), ('be', 11), ('do', 10), ('were', 10), ('made', 5), ('think', 5), ('is', 5), ('looked', 5), ('am', 4)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Mr.', 65), (' Lorry', 16), (' Mr. Lorry', 10), (' Cruncher', 9), (' Jerry', 4), (' Doctor Manette', 4), (' Mr. Stryver', 4), (' Darnay', 3), (' Carton', 3), (' Stryver', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Lorry', 3), (' Tut', 1), (' France', 1), (' French', 1), (' English', 1), (' Bailey', 1), (' Carton', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: []
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: I have no remembrance of the process. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Tellson 
Frequenza: 62 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
I belong to Tellson's Bank.  You must
know Tellson's Bank in London.  While he trotted back with the message he was to deliver to the night
watchman in his box at the door of Tellson's Bank, by Temple Bar, who
was to deliver it to greater authorities within, the shadows of the
night took such shapes to him as arose out of the message, and took such
shapes to the mare as arose out of _her_ private topics of uneasiness.  Tellson's Bank had a run upon it in the mail.  The rattle of the harness was the chink of money,
and more drafts were honoured in five minutes than even Tellson's, with
all its foreign and home connection, ever paid in thrice the time.  A
face habitually suppressed and quieted, was still lighted up under the
quaint wig by a pair of moist bright eyes that it must have cost
their owner, in years gone by, some pains to drill to the composed and
reserved expression of Tellson's Bank.  She may ask for Mr. Jarvis Lorry, or she may only ask for a
gentleman from Tellson's Bank.  Tellson's Bank in London, sir?

Yes.

Yes, sir.  In a very few minutes the waiter came in to announce that Miss Manette
had arrived from London, and would be happy to see the gentleman from
Tellson's.  The gentleman from Tellson's had nothing left for it but to empty his
glass with an air of stolid desperation, settle his odd little flaxen
wig at the ears, and follow the waiter to Miss Manette's apartment.  No; you have been the ward of
Tellson's House since, and I have been busy with the other business of
Tellson's House since.  Even I, safe as an Englishman, and even
Tellson's, important as they are to French credit, avoid all naming of
the matter.  Five Years Later


Tellson's Bank by Temple Bar was an old-fashioned place, even in the
year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.  Tellson's (they said) wanted
no elbow-room, Tellson's wanted no light, Tellson's wanted no
embellishment.  Noakes and Co.'s might, or Snooks Brothers' might; but
Tellson's, thank Heaven--!  Any one of these partners would have disinherited his son on the
question of rebuilding Tellson's.  Thus it had come to pass, that Tellson's was the triumphant perfection
of inconvenience.  After bursting open a door of idiotic obstinacy with
a weak rattle in its throat, you fell into Tellson's down two steps,
and came to your senses in a miserable little shop, with two little
counters, where the oldest of men made your cheque shake as if the
wind rustled it, while they examined the signature by the dingiest of
windows, which were always under a shower-bath of mud from Fleet-street,
and which were made the dingier by their own iron bars proper, and the
heavy shadow of Temple Bar.  But indeed, at that time, putting to death was a recipe much in vogue
with all trades and professions, and not least of all with Tellson's.  Thus, Tellson's, in its day, like greater places of business,
its contemporaries, had taken so many lives, that, if the heads laid
low before it had been ranged on Temple Bar instead of being privately
disposed of, they would probably have excluded what little light the
ground floor had, in a rather significant manner.  When they took a young
man into Tellson's London house, they hid him somewhere till he was
old.  Outside Tellson's--never by any means in it, unless called in--was an
odd-job-man, an occasional porter and messenger, who served as the live
sign of the house.  People understood that Tellson's,
in a stately way, tolerated the odd-job-man.  Encamped at a quarter before nine, in good time to touch his
three-cornered hat to the oldest of men as they passed in to Tellson's,
Jerry took up his station on this windy March morning, with young Jerry
standing by him, when not engaged in making forays through the Bar, to
inflict bodily and mental injuries of an acute description on passing
boys who were small enough for his amiable purpose.  I hope you have been this day preserved for a prosperous and happy
life.--Chair there!

Perhaps a little angry with himself, as well as with the barrister, Mr.
Lorry bustled into the chair, and was carried off to Tellson's.  Such masters were not
at that time easily found; Princes that had been, and Kings that were
to be, were not yet of the Teacher class, and no ruined nobility had
dropped out of Tellson's ledgers, to turn cooks and carpenters.  His way taking him past Tellson's, and he both banking at Tellson's and
knowing Mr. Lorry as the intimate friend of the Manettes, it entered Mr.
Stryver's mind to enter the bank, and reveal to Mr. Lorry the brightness
of the Soho horizon.  He was so much too big for Tellson's, that old clerks
in distant corners looked up with looks of remonstrance, as though he
squeezed them against the wall.  I mean to tell you, Mr. Stryver, said Mr. Lorry,
reddening, that I will hear no disrespectful word of that young lady
from any lips; and that if I knew any man--which I hope I do not--whose
taste was so coarse, and whose temper was so overbearing, that he could
not restrain himself from speaking disrespectfully of that young lady at
this desk, not even Tellson's should prevent my giving him a piece of my
mind.

The necessity of being angry in a suppressed tone had put Mr. Stryver's
blood-vessels into a dangerous state when it was his turn to be angry;
Mr. Lorry's veins, methodical as their courses could usually be, were in
no better state now it was his turn.  Nor would it have been an expectation of a hopeful kind,
since a small part of his income was derived from the pilotage of timid
women (mostly of a full habit and past the middle term of life) from
Tellson's side of the tides to the opposite shore.  Funerals had at all times a remarkable attraction for Mr. Cruncher; he
always pricked up his senses, and became excited, when a funeral passed
Tellson's.  Among the first of these volunteers
was Jerry Cruncher himself, who modestly concealed his spiky head from
the observation of Tellson's, in the further corner of the mourning
coach.  Then, we will take him a ride into the country, and dine
there, and all will be well.

It was easier for Mr. Lorry to look in at Tellson's, than to look out of
Tellson's.  He
therefore made arrangements to absent himself from Tellson's for the
first time in his life, and took his post by the window in the same
room.  On a night in mid-July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, Mr.
Lorry came in late, from Tellson's, and sat himself down by Lucie and
her husband in the dark window.  As was natural, the head-quarters and great gathering-place of
Monseigneur, in London, was Tellson's Bank.  Again: Tellson's was a munificent
house, and extended great liberality to old customers who had fallen
from their high estate.  Again: those nobles who had seen the coming
storm in time, and anticipating plunder or confiscation, had made
provident remittances to Tellson's, were always to be heard of there
by their needy brethren.  For such variety of reasons, Tellson's was at that
time, as to French intelligence, a kind of High Exchange; and this
was so well known to the public, and the inquiries made there were in
consequence so numerous, that Tellson's sometimes wrote the latest news
out in a line or so and posted it in the Bank windows, for all who ran
through Temple Bar to read.  As to the uncertain travelling, the
long journey, and the winter weather, if I were not prepared to submit
myself to a few inconveniences for the sake of Tellson's, after all
these years, who ought to be?

I wish I were going myself, said Charles Darnay, somewhat restlessly,
and like one thinking aloud.  And shall
I hang back, when Tellson's knows this and says this--Tellson's, whose
bread I have eaten these sixty years--because I am a little stiff about
the joints?  When I have executed this little
commission, I shall, perhaps, accept Tellson's proposal to retire and
live at my ease.  Confided to the cares of Messrs. Tellson and Co., Bankers,
London, England.

On the marriage morning, Doctor Manette had made it his one urgent and
express request to Charles Darnay, that the secret of this name should
be--unless he, the Doctor, dissolved the obligation--kept inviolate
between them.  He walked to and fro, with thoughts very busy, until it was time to
return to Tellson's and take leave of Mr. Lorry.  He, therefore, made haste to say:

It is of the utmost importance to me (you know, Citizen, even better
than I, of how much importance), that I should be able to communicate to
Mr. Lorry of Tellson's Bank, an English gentleman who is now in Paris,
the simple fact, without comment, that I have been thrown into the
prison of La Force.  A place of business in London like Tellson's place of business in Paris,
would soon have driven the House out of its mind and into the Gazette.  Tellson's had whitewashed the
Cupid, but he was still to be seen on the ceiling, in the coolest
linen, aiming (as he very often does) at money from morning to
night.  What money would be drawn out of Tellson's henceforth, and what would
lie there, lost and forgotten; what plate and jewels would tarnish in
Tellson's hiding-places, while the depositors rusted in prisons,
and when they should have violently perished; how many accounts with
Tellson's never to be balanced in this world, must be carried over into
the next; no man could have said, that night, any more than Mr. Jarvis
Lorry could, though he thought heavily of these questions.  The Shadow


One of the first considerations which arose in the business mind of Mr.
Lorry when business hours came round, was this:--that he had no right to
imperil Tellson's by sheltering the wife of an emigrant prisoner under
the Bank roof.  Noon coming, and the Doctor not returning, and every minute's delay
tending to compromise Tellson's, Mr. Lorry advised with Lucie.  No
better man living to hold fast by what Tellson's had in keeping, and to
hold his peace.  Could you favour me, in confidence, with some minutes of your
company--at the office of Tellson's Bank, for instance?

Under a threat?

Oh!  Mr. Lorry had just finished his dinner, and was sitting before a cheery
little log or two of fire--perhaps looking into their blaze for the
picture of that younger elderly gentleman from Tellson's, who had looked
into the red coals at the Royal George at Dover, now a good many years
ago.  Tellson's shall not be imposed upon.

I hope, sir, pleaded the abashed Mr. Cruncher, that a gentleman like
yourself wot I've had the honour of odd jobbing till I'm grey at it,
would think twice about harming of me, even if it wos so--I don't say it
is, but even if it wos.  Well, that 'ud be imposing, too, on Tellson's.  At
Tellson's banking-house at nine, he said, with a musing face. 

Frase lunga: After bursting open a door of idiotic obstinacy with
a weak rattle in its throat, you fell into Tellson's down two steps,
and came to your senses in a miserable little shop, with two little
counters, where the oldest of men made your cheque shake as if the
wind rustled it, while they examined the signature by the dingiest of
windows, which were always under a shower-bath of mud from Fleet-street,
and which were made the dingier by their own iron bars proper, and the
heavy shadow of Temple Bar. 
Frase corta: Yes.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Tellson', 65), ('Mr.', 19), ('Lorry', 14), ('Bank', 13), ('time', 8), ('London', 7), ('Bar', 6), ('business', 6), ('night', 5), ('gentleman', 5)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 27), ('had', 21), ('be', 15), ('have', 13), ('were', 12), ('been', 7), ('made', 7), ('said', 5), ('took', 5), ('came', 4)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Tellson', 61), (' Mr. Lorry', 11), (' Temple Bar', 5), (' Mr. Cruncher', 2), (' Lucie', 2), (' Mr. Stryver', 2), (' Jerry', 2), (' Mr.', 2), (' Mr. Jarvis Lorry', 2), (' Charles Darnay', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' London', 7), (' Paris', 2), (' French', 2), (' Well', 1), (' Bankers', 1), (' Doctor', 1), (' Encamped', 1), (' England', 1), (' Monseigneur', 1), (' Cupid', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['March'], ['July']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Tellson's Bank in London, sir? 
---------------------------------------------


10 Nomi propri di persona più frequenti nel testo dracula.txt
Nome:  Van Helsing 
Frequenza: 227 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Arthur Holmwood._

"_3 September._

"My dear Art,--

"Van Helsing has come and gone.  I believe Van Helsing saw it, too, for I saw the quick
look under his bushy brows that I knew of old.  _Telegram, Seward, London, to Van Helsing, Amsterdam._

"_4 September._--Patient still better to-day."  _Telegram, Seward, London, to Van Helsing, Amsterdam._

"_5 September._--Patient greatly improved.  _Telegram, Seward, London, to Van Helsing, Amsterdam._

"_6 September._--Terrible change for the worse.  I took advantage of the opportunity, and told
her that my old master, Van Helsing, the great specialist, was coming to
stay with me, and that I would put her in his charge conjointly with
myself; so now we can come and go without alarming her unduly, for a
shock to her would mean sudden death, and this, in Lucy's weak
condition, might be disastrous to her.  Seward's Diary._

_7 September._--The first thing Van Helsing said to me when we met at
Liverpool Street was:--

"Have you said anything to our young friend the lover of her?"  Then
Van Helsing beckoned to me, and we went gently out of the room.  Is not that gentleman Dr. Van Helsing?  said Van Helsing.  Then with swiftness, but with absolute method, Van Helsing performed the
operation.  I dressed the wound and took his
arm to bring him away, when Van Helsing spoke without turning round--the
man seems to have eyes in the back of his head:--

"The brave lover, I think, deserve another kiss, which he shall have
presently."  By the bedside sat Van Helsing, looking at her intently.  When I told Mrs. Westenra
that Dr. Van Helsing had directed that I should sit up with her she
almost pooh-poohed the idea, pointing out her daughter's renewed
strength and excellent spirits.  I sent a short
wire to Van Helsing and to Arthur, telling them of the excellent result
of the operation.  A telegram came from Van Helsing at Amsterdam whilst
I was at dinner, suggesting that I should be at Hillingham to-night, as
it might be well to be at hand, and stating that he was leaving by the
night mail and would join me early in the morning.  The blind was down, and I went over to raise it gently, whilst Van
Helsing stepped, with his soft, cat-like tread, over to the bed.  After a time--it did
not seem a short time either, for the draining away of one's blood, no
matter how willingly it be given, is a terrible feeling--Van Helsing
held up a warning finger.  When Van Helsing
had seen her, he went out for a walk, leaving me in charge, with strict
injunctions that I was not to leave her for a moment.  They implored me to let them; and
when I said it was Dr. Van Helsing's wish that either he or I should sit
up, they asked me quite piteously to intercede with the "foreign
gentleman."  Found Van
Helsing in excellent spirits, and Lucy much better.  Oh, Dr. Van Helsing!"  To my surprise, Van Helsing rose up and said with all his sternness, his
iron jaw set and his bushy eyebrows meeting:--

"No trifling with me!  As we left the house in my fly, which was waiting, Van Helsing said:--

"To-night I can sleep in peace, and sleep I want--two nights of travel,
much reading in the day between, and much anxiety on the day to follow,
and a night to sit up, without to wink.  I quite love that dear Dr.
Van Helsing.  Seward's Diary._

_13 September._--Called at the Berkeley and found Van Helsing, as usual,
up to time.  Then, for the first time in my life, I saw Van Helsing break down.  Once again I drew up the blind, whilst Van Helsing went towards the bed.  This time I
watched whilst Van Helsing recruited himself and rested.  Since,
however, Dr. Van Helsing has been with me, all this bad dreaming seems
to have passed away; the noises that used to frighten me out of my
wits--the flapping against the windows, the distant voices which seemed
so close to me, the harsh sounds that came from I know not where and
commanded me to do I know not what--have all ceased.  To-night Dr. Van Helsing is going away, as he has to be for a
day in Amsterdam.  I shall not even feel the change, for
last night Dr. Van Helsing slept in his chair a lot of the time.  Happily Van Helsing has not summoned
me, so I need not forego my sleep; to-night I could not well do without
it.  _Telegram, Van Helsing, Antwerp, to Seward, Carfax._

(Sent to Carfax, Sussex, as no county given; delivered late by
twenty-two hours.)  The arrival of Van
Helsing's telegram filled me with dismay.  I went to bed as usual, taking care that the flowers were placed as Dr.
Van Helsing directed, and soon fell asleep.  I was not afraid, but I did wish that Dr. Seward was in
the next room--as Dr. Van Helsing said he would be--so that I might have
called him.  Amongst
other things, she clutched the wreath of flowers that Dr. Van Helsing
insisted on my wearing round my neck, and tore it away from me.  When they were there I remembered what Dr. Van Helsing
had told me, but I didn't like to remove them, and, besides, I would
have some of the servants to sit up with me now.  They stopped at the
gate, and a few seconds later I met Van Helsing running up the avenue.  I did not stay to make sure,
but returned to Van Helsing.  I noticed
that Van Helsing tied a soft silk handkerchief round her throat.  Van Helsing called in one of the women, and told her to stay with her
and not to take her eyes off her till we returned, and then beckoned me
out of the room.  However, the action of both heart and lungs improved, and Van
Helsing made a subcutaneous injection of morphia, as before, and with
good effect.  When I came softly in, I found Van Helsing with a sheet or
two of note-paper in his hand.  In the hall I met Quincey Morris, with a telegram for Arthur telling him
that Mrs. Westenra was dead; that Lucy also had been ill, but was now
going on better; and that Van Helsing and I were with her.  "That's so," I said, and he went on:--

"I take it that both you and Van Helsing had done already what I did
to-day.  When she woke late in the afternoon, Lucy's first movement was to feel
in her breast, and, to my surprise, produced the paper which Van Helsing
had given me to read.  Her eye then lit on Van
Helsing and on me too, and gladdened.  At times she
slept, and both Van Helsing and I noticed the difference in her, between
sleeping and waking.  It was now nearly one o'clock, and he and Van Helsing are sitting with
her.  I duly relieved Van Helsing in his watch over Lucy.  I could see that the Professor had carried out in this room,
as in the other, his purpose of using the garlic; the whole of the
window-sashes reeked with it, and round Lucy's neck, over the silk
handkerchief which Van Helsing made her keep on, was a rough chaplet of
the same odorous flowers.  Presently she woke, and I gave her food, as Van Helsing had prescribed.  At six o'clock Van Helsing came to relieve me.  For fully five minutes Van Helsing stood looking at her, with his face
at its sternest.  I assured him that Lucy
was still asleep, but told him as gently as I could that both Van
Helsing and I feared that the end was near.  When we came into Lucy's room I could see that Van Helsing had, with
his usual forethought, been putting matters straight and making
everything look as pleasing as possible.  He was stooping to
kiss her, when Van Helsing motioned him back.  Arthur bent
eagerly over to kiss her; but at that instant Van Helsing, who, like me,
had been startled by her voice, swooped upon him, and catching him by
the neck with both hands, dragged him back with a fury of strength which
I never thought he could have possessed, and actually hurled him almost
across the room.  I kept my eyes fixed on Lucy, as did Van Helsing, and we saw a spasm as
of rage flit like a shadow over her face; the sharp teeth champed
together.  Very shortly after she opened her eyes in all their softness, and
putting out her poor, pale, thin hand, took Van Helsing's great brown
one; drawing it to her, she kissed it.  Lucy's eyes closed; and Van Helsing, who had been watching closely, took
Arthur's arm, and drew him away.  "It is all over," said Van Helsing.  I went back to the room, and found Van Helsing looking at poor Lucy, and
his face was sterner than ever.  I stood beside Van Helsing, and said:--

"Ah, well, poor girl, there is peace for her at last.  I noticed that Van Helsing never kept far away.  Under the circumstances, Van Helsing and I took it upon
ourselves to examine papers, etc.  I had hardly sealed the
letter, when, to my surprise, Van Helsing walked into the room,
saying:--

"Can I help you, friend John?  Here was a poor girl
putting aside the terrors which she naturally had of death to go watch
alone by the bier of the mistress whom she loved, so that the poor clay
might not be lonely till laid to eternal rest....

       *       *       *       *       *

I must have slept long and soundly, for it was broad daylight when Van
Helsing waked me by coming into my room.  I left him in the drawing-room, and told Van Helsing that he had said
good-bye; so the latter went to the kitchen to tell the undertaker's men
to proceed with the preparations and to screw up the coffin.  Arthur spoke out heartily, like his old self:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, you may do what you will.  *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--A sad home-coming in every way--the house empty of the dear
soul who was so good to us; Jonathan still pale and dizzy under a slight
relapse of his malady; and now a telegram from Van Helsing, whoever he
may be:--

"You will be grieved to hear that Mrs. Westenra died five days ago, and
that Lucy died the day before yesterday.  When it was all over, we were
standing beside Arthur, who, poor fellow, was speaking of his part in
the operation where his blood had been transfused to his Lucy's veins; I
could see Van Helsing's face grow white and purple by turns.  Arthur and Quincey went
away together to the station, and Van Helsing and I came on here.  _Letter, Van Helsing to Mrs. Harker._

"_24 September._

(_Confidence_)

"Dear Madam,--

"I pray you to pardon my writing, in that I am so far friend as that I
sent to you sad news of Miss Lucy Westenra's death.  _25 September._--I cannot help feeling terribly excited as the time
draws near for the visit of Dr. Van Helsing, for somehow I expect that
it will throw some light upon Jonathan's sad experience; and as he
attended poor dear Lucy in her last illness, he can tell me all about
her.  I hope, too, Dr. Van
Helsing will not blame me; I have had so much trouble and anxiety of
late that I feel I cannot bear more just at present.  Dr. Van Helsing must be a
good man as well as a clever one if he is Arthur's friend and Dr.
Seward's, and if they brought him all the way from Holland to look after
Lucy.  In a few minutes Mary opened the door, and
announced "Dr. Van Helsing."  "I can tell you, I think, Dr. Van Helsing, all about it."  But he was so sweet and kind, and he had promised to help, and I
trusted him, so I said:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, what I have to tell you is so queer that you must not
laugh at me or at my husband.  *       *       *       *       *

_Letter (by hand), Van Helsing to Mrs. Harker._

"_25 September, 6 o'clock._

"Dear Madam Mina,--

"I have read your husband's so wonderful diary.  _Letter, Mrs. Harker to Van Helsing._

"_25 September, 6:30 p. m._

"My dear Dr. Van Helsing,--

"A thousand thanks for your kind letter, which has taken a great weight
off my mind.  When I got home last night Mina had supper ready, and
when we had supped she told me of Van Helsing's visit, and of her having
given him the two diaries copied out, and of how anxious she has been
about me.  I have an idea that Van Helsing thinks he knows,
too, but he will only let out enough at a time to whet curiosity.  I smote the table hard and rose up as I said to
him:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, are you mad?"  "I hope," said Van Helsing, "that when you are sending the child home
you will caution its parents to keep strict watch over it.  When Van Helsing saw how dark it
was, he said:--

"There is no hurry.  It was certainly a surprise to me, and gave me a considerable shock, but
Van Helsing was unmoved.  But I must try to get a few hours'
sleep, as Van Helsing is to call for me at noon.  I shrugged my shoulders, however,
and rested silent, for Van Helsing had a way of going on his own road,
no matter who remonstrated.  I was, in fact, beginning to
shudder at the presence of this being, this Un-Dead, as Van Helsing
called it, and to loathe it.  I waited a considerable time for Van Helsing to begin, but he stood as
if wrapped in thought.  _Note left by Van Helsing in his portmanteau, Berkeley Hotel directed to
John Seward, M. D._

(Not delivered.)  Yesterday I was almost willing to accept Van Helsing's monstrous
ideas; but now they seem to start out lurid before me as outrages on
common sense.  I am loath to think it, and indeed
it would be almost as great a marvel as the other to find that Van
Helsing was mad; but anyhow I shall watch him carefully.  *       *       *       *       *

_29 September, morning._.... Last night, at a little before ten o'clock,
Arthur and Quincey came into Van Helsing's room; he told us all that he
wanted us to do, but especially addressing himself to Arthur, as if all
our wills were centred in his.  "I thank you, sir," said Van Helsing proudly.  Then Arthur spoke out:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, I don't quite like to 'buy a pig in a poke,' as they
say in Scotland, and if it be anything in which my honour as a gentleman
or my faith as a Christian is concerned, I cannot make such a promise.  "I accept your limitation," said Van Helsing, "and all I ask of you is
that if you feel it necessary to condemn any act of mine, you will first
consider it well and be satisfied that it does not violate your
reservations."  After a pause Van Helsing went on, evidently with an effort:--

"Miss Lucy is dead; is it not so?  Dr.
Van Helsing, you try me too far.  We all kept somehow close together, with Van Helsing slightly
in front as he led the way.  Arthur stepped
forward hesitatingly; Van Helsing said to me:--

"You were with me here yesterday.  I was myself tolerably patient, and half inclined again to
throw aside doubt and to accept Van Helsing's conclusions.  As to Van Helsing, he was employed in a
definite way.  I could see by the tremulous light that even
Van Helsing's iron nerve had failed.  She
was leaping for them, when Van Helsing sprang forward and held between
them his little golden crucifix.  Then she turned, and her face was
shown in the clear burst of moonlight and by the lamp, which had now no
quiver from Van Helsing's iron nerves.  We could hear the
click of the closing lantern as Van Helsing held it down; coming close
to the tomb, he began to remove from the chinks some of the sacred
emblem which he had placed there.  Van Helsing, instead of his little black bag, had with him a
long leather one, something like a cricketing bag; it was manifestly of
fair weight.  Presently
he said to Van Helsing:--

"Is this really Lucy's body, or only a demon in her shape?"  Van Helsing, with his usual
methodicalness, began taking the various contents from his bag and
placing them ready for use.  When all was ready, Van Helsing said:--

"Before we do anything, let me tell you this; it is out of the lore and
experience of the ancients and of all those who have studied the powers
of the Un-Dead.  When he raised his head Van Helsing said to him:--

"And now, my child, you may kiss her.  Before we moved away Van Helsing said:--

"Now, my friends, one step of our work is done, one the most harrowing
to ourselves.  CHAPTER XVII

DR. SEWARD'S DIARY--_continued_


When we arrived at the Berkeley Hotel, Van Helsing found a telegram
waiting for him:--

     "Am coming up by train.  As yet I have not had the chance of looking at
the papers which Van Helsing left with me, though they lie open before
me.  We must be ready for Dr. Van Helsing
when he comes.  It is just as that dear, good
Professor Van Helsing said: he is true grit, and he improves under
strain that would kill a weaker nature.  Of
course they had heard Lucy speak of me, and it seemed that Dr. Van
Helsing, too, has been quite "blowing my trumpet," as Mr. Morris
expressed it.  Looking at my watch, I
saw that I should go to the station to meet Van Helsing, so I told Mrs.
Harker that it was time to leave.  When I went to the station to meet Van Helsing I left the boys behind
me.  Mrs. Harker began to blush, and taking a paper from her pockets, she
said:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, will you read this, and tell me if it must go in.  Professor Van Helsing took the head of the table, to
which Dr. Seward motioned him as he came into the room.  We resumed our places, and Dr. Van Helsing
went on with a sort of cheerfulness which showed that the serious work
had begun.  asked Dr. Van Helsing.  I was so much astonished, that the oddness of
introducing a madman in an asylum did not strike me at the moment; and,
besides, there was a certain dignity in the man's manner, so much of
the habit of equality, that I at once made the introduction: "Lord
Godalming; Professor Van Helsing; Mr. Quincey Morris, of Texas; Mr.  What shall any man say of his pleasure at
meeting Van Helsing?  He still shook
his head as he said:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, I have nothing to say.  Lord Godalming and I were silent, but Dr. Van Helsing added:--

"Friend John, you know more of lunatics than I do, and I'm glad of it,
for I fear that if it had been to me to decide I would before that last
hysterical outburst have given him free.  Dr. Van Helsing had taken the key of the hall-door from the bunch, and
locked the door in orthodox fashion, putting the key into his pocket
when he had done.  It seemed that the time had been very short indeed, but there was
Van Helsing back in the study.  His answer was not reassuring: "I know you well
enough; you are the old fool Van Helsing.  So Van Helsing has gone to confer with Mrs. Harker and Harker; Quincey
and Art are all out following up the clues as to the earth-boxes.  I would get Dr. Van Helsing or Dr. Seward to prescribe
something for me which would make me sleep, only that I fear to alarm
them.  In the train I had written my diary so far, and simply read
it off to them as the best means of letting them get abreast of my own
information; when I had finished Van Helsing said:--

"This has been a great day's work, friend Jonathan.  This morning, when I went to see him after his
repulse of Van Helsing, his manner was that of a man commanding destiny.  *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--I went after my round to Van Helsing and told him my
suspicion.  I said to him:--

"Go to Dr. Van Helsing, and ask him to kindly come here at once.  You had better go your round, and Dr. Van Helsing will operate.  I
went over and opened it and found in the corridor without, Arthur and
Quincey in pajamas and slippers: the former spoke:--

"I heard your man call up Dr. Van Helsing and tell him of an accident.  "We shall wait," said Van Helsing, "just long enough to fix the best
spot for trephining, so that we may most quickly and perfectly remove
the blood clot; for it is evident that the hmorrhage is increasing."  I had a
horrible sinking in my heart, and from Van Helsing's face I gathered
that he felt some fear or apprehension as to what was to come.  Then Van
Helsing said in a quiet grave tone:--

"Tell us your dream, Mr.  As he heard the voice his face
brightened, through its mutilation, and he said:--

"That is Dr. Van Helsing.  As he spoke, Van
Helsing's eyes never blinked, but his hand came out and met mine and
gripped it hard.  I was about to call him
back to the point, but Van Helsing whispered to me: "Let him go on.  "We must," said Van Helsing grimly.  Van Helsing, Art, and I moved
forward to Mrs. Harker, who by this time had drawn her breath and with
it had given a scream so wild, so ear-piercing, so despairing that it
seems to me now that it will ring in my ears till my dying day.  "Dr. Seward, Dr.
Van Helsing, what is it?  "Dr. Van Helsing, you
love Mina, I know.  For a space of perhaps
a couple of minutes there was silence, and I could fancy that I could
hear the sound of our hearts beating; then Van Helsing said, placing his
hand very tenderly on Mrs. Harker's head:--

"And now, Madam Mina--poor, dear, dear Madam Mina--tell us exactly what
happened.  Then she raised her head proudly, and held
out one hand to Van Helsing who took it in his, and, after stooping and
kissing it reverently, held it fast.  It
is now six o'clock, and we are to meet in the study in half an hour and
take something to eat; for Dr. Van Helsing and Dr. Seward are agreed
that if we do not eat we cannot work our best.  When Dr. Van Helsing and Dr. Seward had come back from seeing poor
Renfield, we went gravely into what was to be done.  First, Dr. Seward
told us that when he and Dr. Van Helsing had gone down to the room below
they had found Renfield lying on the floor, all in a heap.  As usual Van Helsing had thought ahead of everyone else, and was
prepared with an exact ordering of our work.  But Van Helsing held up
his hand warningly.  said Van Helsing, holding up his hand.  When it was over, Van Helsing stood up and said:--

"Now, my dear friends, we go forth to our terrible enterprise.  Then Van Helsing turned and said
gravely; so gravely that I could not help feeling that he was in some
way inspired, and was stating things outside himself:--

"It may be that you may have to bear that mark till God himself see fit,
as He most surely shall, on the Judgment Day, to redress all wrongs of
the earth and of His children that He has placed thereon.  Dr. Van Helsing said to us solemnly as we stood before them:--

"And now, my friends, we have a duty here to do.  said Van Helsing, so we said no more.  We sat still; my own cigar burnt furiously, but Van
Helsing's went cold altogether.  We all moved out to the
hall with one impulse, and Van Helsing, holding up his hand to us to
keep silence, stepped to the door and opened it.  "He will be here before long now," said Van Helsing, who had been
consulting his pocket-book.  Van Helsing, Harker, and I were
just behind the door, so that when it was opened the Professor could
guard it whilst we two stepped between the incomer and the door.  "No," I replied; "but Mina wants to see Dr. Van Helsing at once."  In two or three minutes later Van Helsing was in the room in his
dressing-gown, and Mr. Morris and Lord Godalming were with Dr. Seward at
the door asking questions.  The
stillness was broken by Van Helsing's voice speaking in a low level tone
which would not break the current of her thoughts:--

"Where are you?"  The room
was growing lighter; without taking his eyes from Mina's face, Dr. Van
Helsing motioned me to pull up the blind.  Dr. Van Helsing placed his hands on Mina's shoulders, and laid her
head down softly on her pillow.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_4 October._--When I read to Mina, Van Helsing's message in the
phonograph, the poor girl brightened up considerably.  Present: Professor Van
Helsing, Lord Godalming, Dr. Seward, Mr. Quincey Morris, Jonathan
Harker, Mina Harker.  Dr. Van Helsing described what steps were taken during the day to
discover on what boat and whither bound Count Dracula made his escape:--

"As I knew that he wanted to get back to Transylvania, I felt sure that
he must go by the Danube mouth; or by somewhere in the Black Sea, since
by that way he come.  When Dr. Van Helsing had done speaking, I asked him if he were certain
that the Count had remained on board the ship.  I have mentioned this to Van Helsing, and
he and I are to talk it over when we are alone.  The
Count had his own purposes when he gave her what Van Helsing called "the
Vampire's baptism of blood."  *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--At the very outset of our meeting a great personal relief was
experienced by both Van Helsing and myself.  said Van Helsing, "Winchesters it shall be.  I thought that now was the time for Van Helsing to warn him not
to disclose our plans to her; but he took no notice.  You can ask Dr. Van Helsing if I am not right; if he disagrees you may
do as you will.  Mina woke me early, about the
same time as yesterday, and asked me to bring Dr. Van Helsing.  Dr. Van Helsing was as startled as I was.  Dr. Van Helsing said
very gravely:--

"Madam Mina, you are, as always, most wise.  "Good boy," said Dr. Van Helsing.  asked Van Helsing in a hoarse voice.  Dr. Van Helsing, I have not
forgotten your mercy in poor Lucy's case to him who loved"--she stopped
with a flying blush, and changed her phrase--"to him who had best right
to give her peace.  Before sunrise and sunset, however, she is very
wakeful and alert; and it has become a habit for Van Helsing to
hypnotise her at such times.  If the
Count is there, Van Helsing and Seward will cut off his head at once and
drive a stake through his heart.  To write diary with a pen is
irksome to me; but Van Helsing says I must.  The
lethargy grows upon her, and though she seems strong and well, and is
getting back some of her colour, Van Helsing and I are not satisfied.  said Van Helsing to us generally.  "You forget--or perhaps you do not know, though Jonathan does and so
does Dr. Van Helsing--that I am the train fiend.  The three younger men looked happier at the moment as they seemed to
realise the significance of her words; but Van Helsing and I, turning to
each other, met each a grave and troubled glance.  When the three men had gone out to their tasks Van Helsing asked Mrs.
Harker to look up the copy of the diaries and find him the part of
Harker's journal at the Castle.  As she came in, she handed a number of sheets
of typewriting to Van Helsing.  said Van Helsing,
enthusiastically, as he stooped and kissed her hand.  When the usual time came round Mrs.
Harker prepared herself for her hypnotic effort; and after a longer and
more serious effort on the part of Van Helsing than has been usually
necessary, she sank into the trance.  She bustled off to get
tea; when she had gone Van Helsing said:--

"You see, my friends.  Knowing of the increasing difficulty of procuring the hypnotic trance,
Van Helsing began his passes earlier than usual.  said Van Helsing in an agonised
voice.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_30 October._--At nine o'clock Dr. Van Helsing, Dr. Seward, and I called
on Messrs. Mackenzie & Steinkoff, the agents of the London firm of
Hapgood.  This mixture of simplicity and cunning, of superstition
and commercial reasoning, aroused Van Helsing, who said:--

"Mine friend, that Devil is more clever than he is thought by some; and
he know when he meet his match!"  asked Dr. Van Helsing with
restrained eagerness.  I have asked Dr. Van Helsing, and he has got me all the papers that I
have not yet seen.... Whilst they are resting, I shall go over all
carefully, and perhaps I may arrive at some conclusion.  The
others kept shaking me by both hands, and Dr. Van Helsing said:--

"Our dear Madam Mina is once more our teacher.  He was
silent awhile, and during his silence Dr. Van Helsing spoke:--

"Friend Jonathan, this is to you for twice reasons.  Professor
Van Helsing and I are to leave by the 11:40 train to-night for Veresti,
where we are to get a carriage to drive to the Borgo Pass.  Dear Dr. Van Helsing comforts me by telling me
that I am fully armed as there may be wolves; the weather is getting
colder every hour, and there are snow-flurries which come and go as
warnings.  I wonder where Mina is now, and Van Helsing.  But, alas!--

       *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--Dr. Van Helsing has returned.  Dr. Van Helsing is laconic;
he tells the farmers that he is hurrying to Bistritz, and pays them well
to make the exchange of horses.  Dr.
Van Helsing is sleeping, Poor dear, he looks very tired and old and
grey, but his mouth is set as firmly as a conqueror's; even in his sleep
he is instinct with resolution.  At dawn Van Helsing hypnotised me; he says I answered
"darkness, creaking wood and roaring water," so the river is changing as
they ascend.  Dr.
Van Helsing says that by morning we shall reach the Borgo Pass.  *       *       *       *       *

_5 November, morning._--Let me be accurate in everything, for though you
and I have seen some strange things together, you may at the first think
that I, Van Helsing, am mad--that the many horrors and the so long
strain on nerves has at the last turn my brain.  Yes, I was moved--I, Van Helsing,
with all my purpose and with my motive for hate--I was moved to a
yearning for delay which seemed to paralyse my faculties and to clog my
very soul.  I knew from the way Dr. Van Helsing was searching about
that he was trying to seek some strategic point, where we would be less
exposed in case of attack.  At the same moment Dr. Van
Helsing and I rose behind the rock and pointed our weapons at them.  We were struck with the fact, that in all the
mass of material of which the record is composed, there is hardly one
authentic document; nothing but a mass of typewriting, except the later
note-books of Mina and Seward and myself, and Van Helsing's memorandum. 

Frase lunga: I was so much astonished, that the oddness of
introducing a madman in an asylum did not strike me at the moment; and,
besides, there was a certain dignity in the man's manner, so much of
the habit of equality, that I at once made the introduction: "Lord
Godalming; Professor Van Helsing; Mr. Quincey Morris, of Texas; Mr.  What shall any man say of his pleasure at
meeting Van Helsing? 
Frase corta: said Van Helsing.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Van', 224), ('Helsing', 223), ('Dr.', 77), ('Seward', 20), ('Lucy', 20), ('Mina', 15), ('Harker', 15), ('Arthur', 14), ('room', 14), ('time', 14)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 64), ('said', 48), ('had', 48), ('is', 39), ('have', 23), ('be', 22), ('went', 16), ('are', 16), ('has', 15), ('been', 13)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Van Helsing', 223), (' Seward', 16), (' Lucy', 12), (' Arthur', 11), (' Harker', 7), (' Madam Mina', 5), (' Jonathan', 5), (' Quincey', 3), (' Renfield', 2), (' Mr. Morris', 2)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Mina', 7), (' Lucy', 4), (' _Telegram', 4), (' London', 4), (' Arthur', 3), (' _Letter', 2), (' Amongst', 1), (' Christian', 1), (' Very', 1), (' Sussex', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['3 September'], ['September'], ['4 September'], ['September'], ['5 September'], ['September'], ['6 September'], ['September'], ['7 September'], ['September'], ['13 September'], ['September'], ['24 September'], ['September'], ['25 September'], ['September'], ['25 September'], ['September'], ['25 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September'], ['4 October'], ['October'], ['30 October'], ['October'], ['5 November'], ['November']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: said Van Helsing in an agonised
voice. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Lucy 
Frequenza: 186 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
CHAPTER V

_Letter from Miss Mina Murray to Miss Lucy Westenra._


"_9 May._

"My dearest Lucy,--

"Forgive my long delay in writing, but I have been simply overwhelmed
with work.  Whitby._--Lucy met me at the station, looking sweeter and
lovelier than ever, and we drove up to the house at the Crescent in
which they have rooms.  Lucy went
out visiting with her mother, and as they were only duty calls, I did
not go.  *       *       *       *       *

_1 August._--I came up here an hour ago with Lucy, and we had a most
interesting talk with my old friend and the two others who always come
and join him.  Lucy
was looking sweetly pretty in her white lawn frock; she has got a
beautiful colour since she has been here.  The letters were upside down to me
from where I sat, but Lucy was more opposite to them, so she leant over
and read:--

"Sacred to the memory of George Canon, who died, in the hope of a
glorious resurrection, on July, 29, 1873, falling from the rocks at
Kettleness.  I did not know what to say, but Lucy turned the conversation as she
said, rising up:--

"Oh, why did you tell us of this?  Oh, Lucy, Lucy, I cannot be angry with you, nor can I be
angry with my friend whose happiness is yours; but I must only wait on
hopeless and work.  I am unhappy about Lucy and about Jonathan.  Then, too, Lucy,
although she is so well, has lately taken to her old habit of walking in
her sleep.  Poor dear, she is
naturally anxious about Lucy, and she tells me that her husband, Lucy's
father, had the same habit; that he would get up in the night and dress
himself and go out, if he were not stopped.  Thank God, Lucy's health keeps up.  _Mina Murray's Journal._

_8 August._--Lucy was very restless all night, and I, too, could not
sleep.  Strangely enough, Lucy did not wake; but she got up
twice and dressed herself.  Lucy came with me, and we went early to our old seat, whilst
the cortge of boats went up the river to the Viaduct and came down
again.  Poor Lucy seemed much upset.  Lucy was full of pity, too, but she did not attempt to
touch the dog, but looked at it in an agonised sort of way.  Lucy was
really tired, and we intended to creep off to bed as soon as we could.  The room was dark,
so I could not see Lucy's bed; I stole across and felt for her.  The people
of the house are careful to lock the door every night, so I feared that
Lucy must have gone out as she was.  The town seemed as dead, for not a soul did I see; I rejoiced
that it was so, for I wanted no witness of poor Lucy's condition.  Lucy did not answer, and I ran on to the
entrance of the churchyard.  When I came in
view again the cloud had passed, and the moonlight struck so brilliantly
that I could see Lucy half reclining with her head lying over the back
of the seat.  Lucy always wakes prettily, and even at such a time, when her body must
have been chilled with cold, and her mind somewhat appalled at waking
unclad in a churchyard at night, she did not lose her grace.  As we
passed along, the gravel hurt my feet, and Lucy noticed me wince.  I was filled with anxiety about Lucy, not only for her
health, lest she should suffer from the exposure, but for her reputation
in case the story should get wind.  Lucy slept till I woke her and seemed
not to have even changed her side.  We took our lunch to Mulgrave
Woods, Mrs. Westenra driving by the road and Lucy and I walking by the
cliff-path and joining her at the gate.  *       *       *       *       *

_12 August._--My expectations were wrong, for twice during the night I
was wakened by Lucy trying to get out.  Lucy woke, too, and, I was glad to see,
was even better than on the previous morning.  Again I awoke in the night, and found Lucy sitting up in bed,
still asleep, pointing to the window.  When I came back
from the window Lucy had lain down again, and was sleeping peacefully.  We were silent for a while, and
suddenly Lucy murmured as if to herself:--

"His red eyes again!  I
slewed round a little, so as to see Lucy well without seeming to stare
at her, and saw that she was in a half-dreamy state, with an odd look on
her face that I could not quite make out; so I said nothing, but
followed her eyes.  I
called Lucy's attention to the peculiar effect, and she became herself
with a start, but she looked sad all the same; it may have been that she
was thinking of that terrible night up there.  Lucy had a headache and went
early to bed.  When coming home--it was then
bright moonlight, so bright that, though the front of our part of the
Crescent was in shadow, everything could be well seen--I threw a glance
up at our window, and saw Lucy's head leaning out.  There distinctly was Lucy with her head lying up against
the side of the window-sill and her eyes shut.  Lucy was languid and tired, and
slept on after we had been called.  She is grieved to lose Lucy as her
very own, but she is rejoiced that she is soon to have some one to
protect her.  She has not told Lucy, and made me promise secrecy;
her doctor told her that within a few months, at most, she must die, for
her heart is weakening.  Ah, we were wise to keep from her the affair of
the dreadful night of Lucy's sleep-walking.  No news from Jonathan, and Lucy seems to be growing weaker, whilst her
mother's hours are numbering to a close.  I did not quite like it, and thought it
better not to keep her mind on the subject, so we drifted on to other
subjects, and Lucy was like her old self again.  I am only taking one change of
dress; Lucy will bring my trunk to London and keep it till I send for
it, for it may be that ...  CHAPTER IX


_Letter, Mina Harker to Lucy Westenra._

"_Buda-Pesth, 24 August._

"My dearest Lucy,--

"I know you will be anxious to hear all that has happened since we
parted at the railway station at Whitby.  We are to be married in an hour, or as soon
after as Jonathan awakes....

       *       *       *       *       *

"Lucy, the time has come and gone.  When the
chaplain and the sisters had left me alone with my husband--oh, Lucy, it
is the first time I have written the words 'my husband'--left me alone
with my husband, I took the book from under his pillow, and wrapped it
up in white paper, and tied it with a little bit of pale blue ribbon
which was round my neck, and sealed it over the knot with sealing-wax,
and for my seal I used my wedding ring.  Then he took my hand in his, and oh,
Lucy, it was the first time he took _his wife's_ hand, and said that it
was the dearest thing in all the wide world, and that he would go
through all the past again to win it, if need be.  Mrs. Westenra has confided to me that her doom is
spoken--disease of the heart--though poor Lucy does not know it yet.  You are to come to lunch at
Hillingham to-morrow, two o'clock, so as not to arouse any suspicion in
Mrs. Westenra, and after lunch Lucy will take an opportunity of being
alone with you.  Then Mrs. Westenra went to lie down, and Lucy was left with
me.  He came on with me to Hillingham, and
found that, by Lucy's discretion, her mother was lunching out, so that
we were alone with her.  Lucy was more cheerful than on the day I first
saw her, and certainly looked better.  Then he began to chat of
all things except ourselves and diseases and with such an infinite
geniality that I could see poor Lucy's pretense of animation merge into
reality.  There is, however, one good thing which has arisen from it; Mrs.
Westenra was naturally anxious concerning Lucy, and has consulted me
professionally about her.  When I described Lucy's symptoms--the same as before, but infinitely
more marked--he looked very grave, but said nothing.  I used my knowledge of this phase of spiritual pathology, and laid down
a rule that she should not be present with Lucy or think of her illness
more than was absolutely required.  Van Helsing and I were
shown up to Lucy's room.  Lucy lay motionless, and did not
seem to have strength to speak, so for a while we were all silent.  We all went up to Lucy's room.  Lucy turned her head and looked at us, but said nothing.  As the transfusion went on something like life seemed to come
back to poor Lucy's cheeks, and through Arthur's growing pallor the joy
of his face seemed absolutely to shine.  It gave me an idea of what a terrible strain Lucy's system must
have undergone that what weakened Arthur only partially restored her.  Lucy was sleeping gently,
but her breathing was stronger; I could see the counterpane move as her
breast heaved.  Seward's Diary--continued._

_8 September._--I sat up all night with Lucy.  Lucy was up and in cheerful spirits.  Lucy came with me, and, enlivened by her charming presence, I
made an excellent meal, and had a couple of glasses of the more than
excellent port.  Then Lucy took me upstairs, and showed me a room next
her own, where a cozy fire was burning.  There on the bed, seemingly in a swoon, lay poor Lucy, more horribly
white and wan-looking than ever.  The effect on Lucy was not bad, for the faint seemed to merge
subtly into the narcotic sleep.  I fell asleep on the sofa, however, wondering over
and over again how Lucy had made such a retrograde movement, and how
she could have been drained of so much blood with no sign anywhere to
show for it.  Lucy slept well into the day, and when she woke she was fairly well and
strong, though not nearly so much so as the day before.  Lucy chatted with me freely, and seemed quite unconscious that anything
had happened.  As she spoke, Lucy turned crimson, though it was only momentarily,
for her poor wasted veins could not stand for long such an unwonted
drain to the head.  Perhaps it is because
I am weak at present, and perhaps because it was on Lucy's account, that
their devotion was manifested; for over and over again have I seen
similar instances of woman's kindness.  Found Van
Helsing in excellent spirits, and Lucy much better.  Here
Lucy made a wry face.  Whilst he was speaking, Lucy had been examining the flowers and smelling
them.  Then seeing poor Lucy scared, as she might
well be, he went on more gently: "Oh, little miss, my dear, do not fear
me.  he answered quietly as he began to make the wreath which
Lucy was to wear round her neck.  We then waited whilst Lucy made her toilet for the night, and when she
was in bed he came and himself fixed the wreath of garlic round her
neck.  "I promise," said Lucy, "and thank you both a thousand times for all
your kindness to me!  She greeted us warmly and said:--

"You will be glad to know that Lucy is better.  He went to the hall-door for his bag; and together we
went up to Lucy's room.  Presently he took an opportunity of telling Mrs. Westenra that she must
not remove anything from Lucy's room without consulting him; that the
flowers were of medicinal value, and that the breathing of their odour
was a part of the system of cure.  After another hour Lucy waked from her sleep, fresh and bright and
seemingly not much the worse for her terrible ordeal.  I shall take this cylinder with
me, and then I can complete my entry on Lucy's phonograph.  _Memorandum left by Lucy Westenra._

_17 September.  I knocked gently
and rang as quietly as possible, for I feared to disturb Lucy or her
mother, and hoped to only bring a servant to the door.  Then we ascended to Lucy's room.  On the bed lay two women, Lucy and her
mother.  By her side lay Lucy, with face white and still more
drawn.  Without a word the Professor bent over the bed, his head almost touching
poor Lucy's breast; then he gave a quick turn of his head, as of one who
listens, and leaping to his feet, he cried out to me:--

"It is not yet too late!  We
got a bath and carried Lucy out as she was and placed her in it.  We took Lucy into another room, which had by now been prepared, and laid
her in bed and forced a few drops of brandy down her throat.  Send me word how Lucy is.  Lucy had got a terrible shock and it
told on her more than before, for though plenty of blood went into her
veins, her body did not respond to the treatment as well as on the other
occasions.  Then a thought struck me, and I went back to the room where
Lucy now was.  He handed me the paper saying only: "It dropped from Lucy's breast when
we carried her to the bath."  In the hall I met Quincey Morris, with a telegram for Arthur telling him
that Mrs. Westenra was dead; that Lucy also had been ill, but was now
going on better; and that Van Helsing and I were with her.  I told him I would see him
as soon as I knew about Lucy, and went up to her room.  There has been a series of little circumstances which have thrown out
all our calculations as to Lucy being properly watched.  When she woke late in the afternoon, Lucy's first movement was to feel
in her breast, and, to my surprise, produced the paper which Van Helsing
had given me to read.  I am to relieve them in a quarter of an hour, and I am entering
this on Lucy's phonograph.  "_17 September._

"My dearest Lucy,--

"It seems _an age_ since I heard from you, or indeed since I wrote.  I cried, Lucy dear, as Jonathan and
the old man clasped hands.  Good-bye, my dearest
Lucy, and all blessings on you.  "_18 September._

"My dearest Lucy,--

"Such a sad blow has befallen us.  Forgive me, dear, if I worry you with my troubles in
the midst of your own happiness; but, Lucy dear, I must tell some one,
for the strain of keeping up a brave and cheerful appearance to Jonathan
tries me, and I have no one here that I can confide in.  And he has
been flapping those grim wings to some purpose of late--Lucy's mother
and Arthur's father, and now.... Let me get on with my work.  It was only when I told him
that we should want him to help us during the day, and that we must not
all break down for want of rest, lest Lucy should suffer, that he agreed
to go.  I could see that the Professor had carried out in this room,
as in the other, his purpose of using the garlic; the whole of the
window-sashes reeked with it, and round Lucy's neck, over the silk
handkerchief which Van Helsing made her keep on, was a rough chaplet of
the same odorous flowers.  Lucy was breathing somewhat stertorously, and
her face was at its worst, for the open mouth showed the pale gums.  When I came back to my seat,
I found that Lucy had moved slightly, and had torn away the garlic
flowers from her throat.  When he saw Lucy's face
I could hear the sissing indraw of his breath, and he said to me in a
sharp whisper: "Draw up the blind; I want light!"  Then he bent down,
and, with his face almost touching Lucy's, examined her carefully.  I assured him that Lucy
was still asleep, but told him as gently as I could that both Van
Helsing and I feared that the end was near.  When we came into Lucy's room I could see that Van Helsing had, with
his usual forethought, been putting matters straight and making
everything look as pleasing as possible.  And then Lucy's breathing became stertorous again, and all at once it
ceased.  The funeral was arranged for the next succeeding day, so that Lucy and
her mother might be buried together.  As I stood without
moving, I saw one of the maids pass silently along the passage--she had
her back towards me, so did not see me--and go into the room where Lucy
lay.  During lunch he told us that Mrs. Westenra had for
some time expected sudden death from her heart, and had put her affairs
in absolute order; he informed us that, with the exception of a certain
entailed property of Lucy's father's which now, in default of direct
issue, went back to a distant branch of the family, the whole estate,
real and personal, was left absolutely to Arthur Holmwood.  I
want you to give me permission to read all Miss Lucy's papers and
letters.  It's a hard thing I ask, but you will do it, will you not, for
Lucy's sake?"  He went to and fro, as if patrolling the house, and was
never out of sight of the room where Lucy lay in her coffin, strewn with
the wild garlic flowers, which sent, through the odour of lily and rose,
a heavy, overpowering smell into the night.  *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--A sad home-coming in every way--the house empty of the dear
soul who was so good to us; Jonathan still pale and dizzy under a slight
relapse of his malady; and now a telegram from Van Helsing, whoever he
may be:--

"You will be grieved to hear that Mrs. Westenra died five days ago, and
that Lucy died the day before yesterday.  poor
Lucy!  I believe
in my heart of hearts that he suffered as much about Lucy's death as any
of us; but he bore himself through it like a moral Viking.  When it was all over, we were
standing beside Arthur, who, poor fellow, was speaking of his part in
the operation where his blood had been transfused to his Lucy's veins; I
could see Van Helsing's face grow white and purple by turns.  I have read your letters to poor Lucy, and know how good
you are and how your husband suffer; so I pray you, if it may be,
enlighten him not, lest it may harm.  That is the reason of his coming; it is concerning Lucy and her
sleep-walking, and not about Jonathan.  Of
course it is about Lucy.  I hope I did right in not saying anything of it to Mrs.
Westenra; I should never forgive myself if any act of mine, were it even
a negative one, brought harm on poor dear Lucy.  I am
so glad I have type-written out my own journal, so that, in case he asks
about Lucy, I can hand it to him; it will save much questioning.  Dr. Van Helsing must be a
good man as well as a clever one if he is Arthur's friend and Dr.
Seward's, and if they brought him all the way from Holland to look after
Lucy.  I, who have read your so sweet letter to poor Lucy of your
marriage and your trust, not know you!  You have told me all about Lucy, and so now we shall not
speak of it, lest it distress.  "It is like poor Lucy's."  "Do you mean to tell me, friend John, that you have no suspicion as to
what poor Lucy died of; not after all the hints given, not only by
events, but by me?"  "Do you mean to tell me that
Lucy was bitten by such a bat; and that such a thing is here in London
in the nineteenth century?"  For a while sheer anger mastered me; it was as if he had during her life
struck Lucy on the face.  "And then we
spend the night, you and I, in the churchyard where Lucy lies.  There was no mistaking the
similarity to those which had been on Lucy's throat.  Holding his candle so
that he could read the coffin plates, and so holding it that the sperm
dropped in white patches which congealed as they touched the metal, he
made assurance of Lucy's coffin.  I felt all the dogged argumentativeness of my nature awake within me as
I answered him:--

"I am satisfied that Lucy's body is not in that coffin; but that only
proves one thing."  Van Helsing walked over to Lucy's coffin, and I followed.  There lay Lucy, seemingly just as we had seen her the night before her
funeral.  If you, who saw the
wounds on Lucy's throat, and saw the wounds so similar on the child's at
the hospital; if you, who saw the coffin empty last night and full
to-day with a woman who have not change only to be more rose and more
beautiful in a whole week, after she die--if you know of this and know
of the white figure last night that brought the child to the churchyard,
and yet of your own senses you did not believe, how, then, can I expect
Arthur, who know none of those things, to believe?  Van Helsing raised his lantern and drew the slide; by the
concentrated light that fell on Lucy's face we could see that the lips
were crimson with fresh blood, and that the stream had trickled over her
chin and stained the purity of her lawn death-robe.  When Lucy--I call the thing that was before us Lucy because it bore her
shape--saw us she drew back with an angry snarl, such as a cat gives
when taken unawares; then her eyes ranged over us.  Lucy's eyes in form
and colour; but Lucy's eyes unclean and full of hell-fire, instead of
the pure, gentle orbs we knew.  When he again lifted the lid off Lucy's coffin we all looked--Arthur
trembling like an aspen--and saw that the body lay there in all its
death-beauty.  But there was no love in my own heart, nothing but
loathing for the foul Thing which had taken Lucy's shape without her
soul.  Presently
he said to Van Helsing:--

"Is this really Lucy's body, or only a demon in her shape?"  She seemed like a nightmare of Lucy as she lay there; the pointed teeth,
the bloodstained, voluptuous mouth--which it made one shudder to
see--the whole carnal and unspiritual appearance, seeming like a
devilish mockery of Lucy's sweet purity.  He saw, too, what we all did, the infinite
kindness which suggested that his should be the hand which would restore
Lucy to us as a holy, and not an unholy, memory; he stepped forward and
said bravely, though his hand trembled, and his face was as pale as
snow:--

"My true friend, from the bottom of my broken heart I thank you.  There, in the coffin lay no longer the foul Thing that we had so dreaded
and grown to hate that the work of her destruction was yielded as a
privilege to the one best entitled to it, but Lucy as we had seen her in
her life, with her face of unequalled sweetness and purity.  "I knew you from the description of poor dear Lucy; but----" She stopped
suddenly, and a quick blush overspread her face.  By this time my mind was
made up that the diary of a doctor who attended Lucy might have
something to add to the sum of our knowledge of that terrible Being, and
I said boldly:--

"Then, Dr. Seward, you had better let me copy it out for you on my
typewriter."  He is certainly a man of noble nature; poor dear Lucy was right about
him.  I know that Lucy told you of me; she told me of you too.  I know all up to a certain
point; and I see already, though your diary only took me to 7 September,
how poor Lucy was beset, and how her terrible doom was being wrought
out.  There are terrible
things yet to learn of; but if you have so far travelled on the road to
poor Lucy's death, you will not be content, I know, to remain in the
dark.  When the terrible story of Lucy's death, and--and all that followed, was
done, I lay back in my chair powerless.  My brain was all in a whirl, and only that there came through all
the multitude of horrors, the holy ray of light that my dear, dear Lucy
was at last at peace, I do not think I could have borne it without
making a scene.  It was to me a painful meeting, for it
brought back all poor dear Lucy's hopes of only a few months ago.  Of
course they had heard Lucy speak of me, and it seemed that Dr. Van
Helsing, too, has been quite "blowing my trumpet," as Mr. Morris
expressed it.  Besides, I know you loved my poor Lucy--"
Here he turned away and covered his face with his hands.  If sympathy and pity can
help in your affliction, won't you let me be of some little service--for
Lucy's sake?"  You will let me be
like a brother, will you not, for all our lives--for dear Lucy's sake?"  "For dear Lucy's sake," I said as we clasped hands.  Poor Art seemed more cheerful than he has been since Lucy first took
ill, and Quincey is more like his own bright self than he has been for
many a long day.  "I am with you," said Lord Godalming, "for Lucy's sake, if for no other
reason."  If I hadn't gone to Whitby, perhaps poor dear
Lucy would be with us now.  But the pillar was
composed of both the day and the night-guiding, for the fire was in the
red eye, which at the thought got a new fascination for me; till, as I
looked, the fire divided, and seemed to shine on me through the fog like
two red eyes, such as Lucy told me of in her momentary mental wandering
when, on the cliff, the dying sunlight struck the windows of St. Mary's
Church.  The Count suddenly stopped, just as poor Lucy had done outside
the tomb, and cowered back.  I know that you must fight--that you must destroy even as
you destroyed the false Lucy so that the true Lucy might live hereafter;
but it is not a work of hate.  I know, and you know, that were I
once dead you could and would set free my immortal spirit, even as you
did my poor Lucy's.  Dr. Van Helsing, I have not
forgotten your mercy in poor Lucy's case to him who loved"--she stopped
with a flying blush, and changed her phrase--"to him who had best right
to give her peace.  If, then, we can come on board after sunrise, he is at our mercy;
for we can open the box and make sure of him, as we did of poor Lucy,
before he wakes.  I thought that the Professor was going to break down and have hysterics,
just as he had when Lucy died, but with a great effort he controlled
himself and was at perfect nervous poise when Mrs. Harker tripped into
the room, bright and happy-looking and, in the doing of work, seemingly
forgetful of her misery. 

Frase lunga: If you, who saw the
wounds on Lucy's throat, and saw the wounds so similar on the child's at
the hospital; if you, who saw the coffin empty last night and full
to-day with a woman who have not change only to be more rose and more
beautiful in a whole week, after she die--if you know of this and know
of the white figure last night that brought the child to the churchyard,
and yet of your own senses you did not believe, how, then, can I expect
Arthur, who know none of those things, to believe? 
Frase corta: poor
Lucy!

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Lucy', 189), ('Van', 15), ('room', 15), ('Helsing', 15), ('night', 15), ('face', 14), ('Mrs.', 11), ('Westenra', 10), ('dear', 10), ('Arthur', 9)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 77), ('had', 36), ('have', 25), ('is', 25), ('be', 22), ('been', 17), ('did', 16), ('were', 15), ('see', 15), ('has', 15)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Lucy', 186), (' Van Helsing', 12), (' Arthur', 8), (' Jonathan', 5), (' Seward', 3), (' Van', 3), (' Poor', 2), (' Mr. Morris', 1), (' George Canon', 1), (' Lord Godalming', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Lucy', 2), (' London', 2), (' Jonathan', 2), (' Poor', 1), (' Hillingham', 1), (' Thank', 1), (' _Mina', 1), (' Holland', 1), (' Being', 1), (' St.', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['9 May'], ['May'], ['1 August'], ['August'], ['July'], ['8 August'], ['August'], ['12 August'], ['August'], ['24 August'], ['August'], ['8 September'], ['September'], ['17 September'], ['September'], ['17 September'], ['September'], ['18 September'], ['September'], ['7 September'], ['September']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Lucy was up and in cheerful spirits. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Jonathan 
Frequenza: 128 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
I have been working very hard
lately, because I want to keep up with Jonathan's studies, and I have
been practising shorthand very assiduously.  I wonder if we--I mean Jonathan and I--shall ever see them
together.  Well, I must tell you about the three, but you must keep
it a secret, dear, from _every one_, except, of course, Jonathan.  I hope there cannot be anything the matter with Jonathan.  I wonder where Jonathan is and if he is thinking of me!  I am unhappy about Lucy and about Jonathan.  I sympathise with her, for I do the same, only Jonathan
and I will start in life in a very simple way, and shall have to try to
make both ends meet.  Somehow I
felt glad that Jonathan was not on the sea last night, but on land.  I should be
quite happy if I only knew if Jonathan.... God bless and keep him.  I felt a little sad myself, for
I could not but feel how _absolutely_ happy it would have been had
Jonathan been with me.  I told her how anxious I was about
Jonathan, and then she tried to comfort me.  The idea of
_my_ being jealous about Jonathan!  We are to be married in an hour, or as soon
after as Jonathan awakes....

       *       *       *       *       *

"Lucy, the time has come and gone.  Jonathan woke a little after the hour, and all was ready, and he
sat up in bed, propped up with pillows.  I must stop, for Jonathan
is waking--I must attend to my husband!  The strong air would soon restore Jonathan; it has
quite restored me.  I cried, Lucy dear, as Jonathan and
the old man clasped hands.  Jonathan and Mr. Hawkins are busy all day; for, now that
Jonathan is a partner, Mr. Hawkins wants to tell him all about the
clients.  I wish I could run up to town for a
day or two to see you, dear, but I dare not go yet, with so much on my
shoulders; and Jonathan wants looking after still.  It is not only that he feels sorrow,
deep sorrow, for the dear, good man who has befriended him all his life,
and now at the end has treated him like his own son and left him a
fortune which to people of our modest bringing up is wealth beyond the
dream of avarice, but Jonathan feels it on another account.  As there are no relations at all, Jonathan will have to be chief
mourner.  It seems only yesterday that the last entry was made, and yet how much
between then, in Whitby and all the world before me, Jonathan away and
no news of him; and now, married to Jonathan, Jonathan a solicitor, a
partner, rich, master of his business, Mr. Hawkins dead and buried, and
Jonathan with another attack that may harm him.  Jonathan thought it would interest me to go into the Row for a while, so
we sat down; but there were very few people there, and it was
sad-looking and desolate to see so many empty chairs.  Jonathan was holding me by the arm, the way he used to in old days
before I went to school.  I felt it very improper, for you can't go on
for some years teaching etiquette and decorum to other girls without the
pedantry of it biting into yourself a bit; but it was Jonathan, and he
was my husband, and we didn't know anybody who saw us--and we didn't
care if they did--so on we walked.  I was looking at a very beautiful
girl, in a big cart-wheel hat, sitting in a victoria outside Guiliano's,
when I felt Jonathan clutch my arm so tight that he hurt me, and he said
under his breath: "My God!"  I am always anxious about Jonathan, for I
fear that some nervous fit may upset him again; so I turned to him
quickly, and asked him what it was that disturbed him.  Jonathan kept staring at him, till I was afraid he would notice.  I asked
Jonathan why he was disturbed, and he answered, evidently thinking that
I knew as much about it as he did: "Do you see who it is?"  Jonathan kept looking after him, and said, as if to himself:--

"I believe it is the Count, but he has grown young.  After a few minutes' staring at nothing, Jonathan's eyes closed, and he
went quietly into a sleep, with his head on my shoulder.  Oh, Jonathan, you will,
I know, forgive me if I do wrong, but it is for your own dear sake.  *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--A sad home-coming in every way--the house empty of the dear
soul who was so good to us; Jonathan still pale and dizzy under a slight
relapse of his malady; and now a telegram from Van Helsing, whoever he
may be:--

"You will be grieved to hear that Mrs. Westenra died five days ago, and
that Lucy died the day before yesterday.  CHAPTER XIV

MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL


_23 September_.--Jonathan is better after a bad night.  My household work is done, so I shall take his foreign journal,
and lock myself up in my room and read it....


_24 September_.--I hadn't the heart to write last night; that terrible
record of Jonathan's upset me so.  And if it be wanted; then, perhaps, if I am ready,
poor Jonathan may not be upset, for I can speak for him and never let
him be troubled or worried with it at all.  If ever Jonathan quite gets
over the nervousness he may want to tell me of it all, and I can ask him
questions and find out things, and see how I may comfort him.  _25 September._--I cannot help feeling terribly excited as the time
draws near for the visit of Dr. Van Helsing, for somehow I expect that
it will throw some light upon Jonathan's sad experience; and as he
attended poor dear Lucy in her last illness, he can tell me all about
her.  That is the reason of his coming; it is concerning Lucy and her
sleep-walking, and not about Jonathan.  Perhaps it was reading the journal yesterday that upset me, and
then Jonathan went away this morning to stay away from me a whole day
and night, the first time we have been parted since our marriage.  I shall say nothing of Jonathan's journal unless he asks me.  If I had not read Jonathan's journal
first, I should never have accepted even a possibility.  Poor, poor, dear
Jonathan!  I saw here an opening to ask him about
Jonathan, so I said:--

"He was almost recovered, but he has been greatly upset by Mr. Hawkins's
death."  The pity for Jonathan, the horror which he
experienced, the whole fearful mystery of his diary, and the fear that
has been brooding over me ever since, all came in a tumult.  Husband Jonathan would not like to see you so pale; and what he like not
where he love, is not to his good.  And then, too, you will tell me of
husband Jonathan's trouble so far as you can, but not yet.  When it came to speaking to this great
learned man, I began to fear that he would think me a weak fool, and
Jonathan a madman--that journal is all so strange--and I hesitated to go
on.  It will tell you my trouble and
Jonathan's.  He was surprised at my
knowledge of the trains off-hand, but he does not know that I have made
up all the trains to and from Exeter, so that I may help Jonathan in
case he is in a hurry.  Jonathan at Whitby.  It is all so wild, and mysterious, and strange that if I
had not known Jonathan's experience in Transylvania I could not have
believed.  I have sent a telegram to Jonathan to come on here when
he arrives in London from Whitby.  Before I left him I
remembered what Jonathan put in his diary of the Professor's
perturbation at reading something in an evening paper at the station at
Exeter; so, seeing that Dr. Seward keeps his newspapers, I borrowed the
files of "The Westminster Gazette" and "The Pall Mall Gazette," and took
them to my room.  It is, I suppose, the reaction from the haunting fear which I have had:
that this terrible affair and the reopening of his old wound might act
detrimentally on Jonathan.  Dr. Seward was out on business, and had taken Jonathan with
him, so I had to see them.  He made me sit
next to him on his right, and asked me to act as secretary; Jonathan sat
next to me.  Whilst he was speaking, Jonathan had taken my hand.  I took
his right hand, and Lord Godalming his left; Jonathan held my right with
his left and stretched across to Mr. Morris.  Even friend
Jonathan, who lived with him for weeks, did never see him to eat, never!  He throws no shadow; he make in the mirror no reflect, as again
Jonathan observe.  He has the strength of many of his hand--witness again
Jonathan when he shut the door against the wolfs, and when he help him
from the diligence too.  He
come on moonlight rays as elemental dust--as again Jonathan saw those
sisters in the castle of Dracula.  All the men, even Jonathan, seemed relieved; but it did not seem to me
good that they should brave danger and, perhaps, lessen their
safety--strength being the best safety--through care of me; but their
minds were made up, and, though it was a bitter pill for me to swallow,
I could say nothing, save to accept their chivalrous care of me.  He turned to me and said:--

"You know this place, Jonathan.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_1 October._--It is strange to me to be kept in the dark as I am to-day;
after Jonathan's full confidence for so many years, to see him
manifestly avoid certain matters, and those the most vital of all.  This
morning I slept late after the fatigues of yesterday, and though
Jonathan was late too, he was the earlier.  Well, some day Jonathan will tell me all; and
lest it should ever be that he should think for a moment that I kept
anything from him, I still keep my journal as usual.  I
kept thinking over everything that has been ever since Jonathan came to
see me in London, and it all seems like a horrible tragedy, with fate
pressing on relentlessly to some destined end.  I was not then a bit sleepy, at least so I thought; but I must have
fallen asleep, for, except dreams, I do not remember anything until the
morning, when Jonathan woke me.  I think that it took me an effort and a
little time to realise where I was, and that it was Jonathan who was
bending over me.  I thought that I was asleep, and waiting for Jonathan to come back.  The gaslight which I had left lit for Jonathan, but turned down,
came only like a tiny red spark through the fog, which had evidently
grown thicker and poured into the room.  Suddenly the horror burst upon me that it was thus that Jonathan
had seen those awful women growing into reality through the whirling mist
in the moonlight, and in my dream I must have fainted, for all became
black darkness.  I must have
slept soundly, for I was not waked by Jonathan coming to bed; but the
sleep has not refreshed me, for to-day I feel terribly weak and
spiritless.  Jonathan would be
miserable if he knew I had been crying.  In the train I had written my diary so far, and simply read
it off to them as the best means of letting them get abreast of my own
information; when I had finished Van Helsing said:--

"This has been a great day's work, friend Jonathan.  Van Helsing whispered to me:--

"Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know the Vampire can produce.  I turned to wake Jonathan, but found that he slept so soundly that it
seemed as if it was he who had taken the sleeping draught, and not I. I
tried, but I could not wake him.  I knew, too, the
red scar on his forehead where Jonathan had struck him.  In the pause he spoke in a sort of keen, cutting whisper,
pointing as he spoke to Jonathan:--

"'Silence!  "Nay, friend Jonathan," he said, "in this, the
quickest way home is the longest way, so your proverb say.  No, no, my
friend Jonathan, you go take the lock off a hundred empty house in this
your London, or of any city in the world; and if you do it as such
things are rightly done, and at the time such things are rightly done,
no one will interfere.  "Jonathan," she said, and the word sounded like music on her lips it was
so full of love and tenderness, "Jonathan dear, and you all my true,
true friends, I want you to bear something in mind through all this
dreadful time.  Don't say such things,
Jonathan, my husband; or you will crush me with fear and horror.  friend Jonathan,
we have got our dear Madam Mina, as of old, back to us to-day!"  We can know now what was in the
Count's mind, when he seize that money, though Jonathan's so fierce
knife put him in the danger that even he dread.  I dread Jonathan leaving me, and I know that
he would surely go if the others went.  All at
once Mina opened her eyes, and looking at me tenderly, said:--

"Jonathan, I want you to promise me something on your word of honour.  I know that if he tells me to come in secret, I must come by
wile; by any device to hoodwink--even Jonathan."  "You forget--or perhaps you do not know, though Jonathan does and so
does Dr. Van Helsing--that I am the train fiend.  Do
you, friend Jonathan, go to the agent of the ship and get from him
letters to the agent in Galatz, with authority to make search the ship
just as it was here.  See I
read here what Jonathan have written:--

"That other of his race who, in a later age, again and again, brought
his forces over The Great River into Turkey Land; who, when he was
beaten back, came again, and again, and again, though he had to come
alone from the bloody field where his troops were being slaughtered,
since he knew that he alone could ultimately triumph."  It is all done; poor dear, dear Jonathan, what he must have suffered,
what must he be suffering now.  _Mina Harker's Journal--continued._

When I had done reading, Jonathan took me in his arms and kissed me.  He looked at Jonathan as he
spoke, and Jonathan looked at me.  He was
silent awhile, and during his silence Dr. Van Helsing spoke:--

"Friend Jonathan, this is to you for twice reasons.  Now let
me say that what I would is this: while you, my Lord Godalming and
friend Jonathan go in your so swift little steamboat up the river, and
whilst John and Quincey guard the bank where perchance he might be
landed, I will take Madam Mina right into the heart of the enemy's
country.  Whilst the old fox is tied in his box, floating on the running
stream whence he cannot escape to land--where he dares not raise the lid
of his coffin-box lest his Slovak carriers should in fear leave him to
perish--we shall go in the track where Jonathan went,--from Bistritz
over the Borgo, and find our way to the Castle of Dracula.  Here
Jonathan interrupted him hotly:--

"Do you mean to say, Professor Van Helsing, that you would bring Mina,
in her sad case and tainted as she is with that devil's illness, right
into the jaws of his death-trap?  We men here, all save Jonathan, have seen with their own eyes what
is to be done before that place can be purify.  If the Count escape us this time--and he is strong and
subtle and cunning--he may choose to sleep him for a century, and then
in time our dear one"--he took my hand--"would come to him to keep him
company, and would be as those others that you, Jonathan, saw.  "Do as you will," said Jonathan, with a sob that shook him all over, "we
are in the hands of God!"  It is not three hours since it was arranged what part each
of us was to do; and now Lord Godalming and Jonathan have a lovely steam
launch, with steam up ready to start at a moment's notice.  We have all got arms, even for me a
large-bore revolver; Jonathan would not be happy unless I was armed like
the rest.  If Jonathan and I were driving through it alone what a
pleasure it would be.  He alone knows what may be, and I pray Him,
with all the strength of my sad and humble soul, that He will watch over
my beloved husband; that whatever may happen, Jonathan may know that I
loved him and honoured him more than I can say, and that my latest and
truest thought will be always for him.  "Of course I know it," she answer, and with a pause, add: "Have not my
Jonathan travelled it and wrote of his travel?"  By-and-by we find all the things which Jonathan
have note in that wonderful diary of him.  But all was indeed changed; the frowning
mountains seemed further away, and we were near the top of a
steep-rising hill, on summit of which was such a castle as Jonathan tell
of in his diary.  Then they began to materialise till--if God have not
take away my reason, for I saw it through my eyes--there were before me
in actual flesh the same three women that Jonathan saw in the room, when
they would have kissed his throat.  They smiled ever at poor dear Madam Mina; and as their laugh came
through the silence of the night, they twined their arms and pointed to
her, and said in those so sweet tingling tones that Jonathan said were
of the intolerable sweetness of the water-glasses:--

"Come, sister.  Jonathan's bitter experience served
me here.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_6 November._--It was late in the afternoon when the Professor and I
took our way towards the east whence I knew Jonathan was coming.  I knew at all events that neither of them was Jonathan.  At the same time I _knew_ that Jonathan was not far off; looking around
I saw on the north side of the coming party two other men, riding at
break-neck speed.  One of them I knew was Jonathan, and the other I took,
of course, to be Lord Godalming.  One was my Jonathan's,
raised in a high key of passion; the other Mr. Morris' strong resolute
tone of quiet command.  Instinctively they reined in, and at the instant Lord Godalming
and Jonathan dashed up at one side and Dr. Seward and Mr. Morris on the
other.  I should have felt terrible fear at seeing
Jonathan in such danger, but that the ardour of battle must have been
upon me as well as the rest of them; I felt no fear, but only a wild,
surging desire to do something.  In the midst of this I could see that Jonathan on one side of the ring
of men, and Quincey on the other, were forcing a way to the cart; it was
evident that they were bent on finishing their task before the sun
should set.  Jonathan's impetuosity, and the manifest singleness of his
purpose, seemed to overawe those in front of him; instinctively they
cowered, aside and let him pass.  He had parried with his great bowie knife, and at first
I thought that he too had come through in safety; but as he sprang
beside Jonathan, who had by now jumped from the cart, I could see that
with his left hand he was clutching at his side, and that the blood was
spurting through his fingers.  He did not delay notwithstanding this, for
as Jonathan, with desperate energy, attacked one end of the chest,
attempting to prize off the lid with his great Kukri knife, he attacked
the other frantically with his bowie.  But, on the instant, came the sweep and flash of Jonathan's great knife.  Jonathan knelt behind him and the wounded man laid back his
head on his shoulder. 

Frase lunga: See I
read here what Jonathan have written:--

"That other of his race who, in a later age, again and again, brought
his forces over The Great River into Turkey Land; who, when he was
beaten back, came again, and again, and again, though he had to come
alone from the bloody field where his troops were being slaughtered,
since he knew that he alone could ultimately triumph." 
Frase corta: Jonathan at Whitby.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Jonathan', 131), ('time', 9), ('way', 8), ('Van', 7), ('Mr.', 7), ('Helsing', 7), ('dear', 7), ('day', 6), ('Lucy', 6), ('Dr.', 6)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 48), ('is', 29), ('have', 25), ('be', 22), ('had', 21), ('see', 12), ('has', 11), ('know', 11), ('said', 11), ('been', 11)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Jonathan', 128), (' Lucy', 5), (' Van Helsing', 5), (' Madam Mina', 3), (' Harker', 3), (' Mr. Hawkins', 3), (' Mr. Morris', 3), (' Seward', 3), (' Lord Godalming', 2), (' John', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' _Mina', 3), (' London', 3), (' Dracula', 2), (' Well', 2), (' Whitby', 2), (' Jonathan', 2), (' Slovak', 1), (' Poor', 1), (' Count', 1), (' Bistritz', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['23 September'], ['24 September'], ['25 September'], ['September'], ['1 October'], ['October'], ['6 November'], ['November']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: I am unhappy about Lucy and about Jonathan. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Arthur 
Frequenza: 113 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
That is slang again, but never mind; Arthur says that every day.  You
will tell him, because I would, if I were in your place, certainly tell
Arthur.  "_Evening._

"Arthur has just gone, and I feel in better spirits than when I left
off, so I can go on telling you about the day.  No, I
don't, for there was Mr. Morris telling us his stories, and Arthur never
told any, and yet---- My dear, I am somewhat previous.  No, he doesn't, for Arthur tried twice to _make_ a chance, and I
helping him all I could; I am not ashamed to say it now.  I do not know myself if I shall
ever speak slang; I do not know if Arthur likes it, as I have never
heard him use any as yet.  Arthur Holmwood._

"_25 May._

"My dear Art,--

"We've told yarns by the camp-fire in the prairies; and dressed one
another's wounds after trying a landing at the Marquesas; and drunk
healths on the shore of Titicaca.  Lucy and I sat awhile, and it was all so beautiful before us that we
took hands as we sat; and she told me all over again about Arthur and
their coming marriage.  All her old gaiety of
manner seemed to have come back, and she came and snuggled in beside me
and told me all about Arthur.  Before she answered, that sweet, puckered
look came into her forehead, which Arthur--I call him Arthur from her
habit--says he loves; and, indeed, I don't wonder that he does.  By the way, I forgot to tell you that Arthur is here.  When Arthur came to lunch he looked quite grieved
when he saw me, and I hadn't the spirit to try to be cheerful.  I shall try to cheer up when Arthur comes, or else I
know he will be miserable to see me so.  _Letter from Dr. Seward to Arthur Holmwood._

"_2 September._

"My dear old fellow,--

"With regard to Miss Westenra's health I hasten to let you know at once
that in my opinion there is not any functional disturbance or any malady
that I know of.  Arthur Holmwood._

"_3 September._

"My dear Art,--

"Van Helsing has come and gone.  Arthur Holmwood._

"_6 September._

"My dear Art,--

"My news to-day is not so good.  When we reached the hall the maid had just opened the
door, and Arthur was stepping quickly in.  asked Arthur hoarsely.  Arthur looked bewildered, and the
Professor went on by explaining in a kindly way:--

"Young miss is bad, very bad.  John was to give his blood, as he is
the more young and strong than me"--here Arthur took my hand and wrung
it hard in silence--"but, now you are here, you are more good than us,
old or young, who toil much in the world of thought.  Arthur turned to him
and said:--

"If you only knew how gladly I would die for her you would
understand----"

He stopped, with a sort of choke in his voice.  When the Professor was
satisfied he called Arthur into the room, and bade him strip off his
coat.  As the transfusion went on something like life seemed to come
back to poor Lucy's cheeks, and through Arthur's growing pallor the joy
of his face seemed absolutely to shine.  It gave me an idea of what a terrible strain Lucy's system must
have undergone that what weakened Arthur only partially restored her.  When all was over I
could see how much Arthur was weakened.  Arthur did not notice it, but I
could hear the deep hiss of indrawn breath which is one of Van Helsing's
ways of betraying emotion.  When Arthur had gone I went back to the room.  Somehow Arthur feels very,
very close to me.  If Arthur only knew!  Good-night, Arthur.  There is no young Arthur here now; I have
to call on you yourself this time, friend John."  "Nay, but they are not to take in a decoction or
in nauseous form, so you need not snub that so charming nose, or I shall
point out to my friend Arthur what woes he may have to endure in seeing
so much beauty that he so loves so much distort.  Thank God for mother's sake, and dear Arthur's, and for all our
friends who have been so kind!  Good-bye, dear Arthur, if I should not
survive this night.  In the hall I met Quincey Morris, with a telegram for Arthur telling him
that Mrs. Westenra was dead; that Lucy also had been ill, but was now
going on better; and that Van Helsing and I were with her.  Jack, if you may tell me without
betraying confidence, Arthur was the first, is not that so?"  In the afternoon she asked for Arthur, and we telegraphed for him.  When he saw her, Arthur was simply choking
with emotion, and none of us could speak.  And he has
been flapping those grim wings to some purpose of late--Lucy's mother
and Arthur's father, and now.... Let me get on with my work.  We wanted Arthur to
go to rest also, but he refused at first.  Arthur went off with him, casting back a longing look on Lucy's
face, which lay in her pillow, almost whiter than the lawn.  Arthur had then fallen
into a doze, and he mercifully let him sleep on.  When we
came into the room she opened her eyes, and seeing him, whispered
softly:--

"Arthur!  So Arthur took her hand and knelt beside her, and she looked her best,
with all the soft lines matching the angelic beauty of her eyes.  In a
sort of sleep-waking, vague, unconscious way she opened her eyes, which
were now dull and hard at once, and said in a soft, voluptuous voice,
such as I had never heard from her lips:--

"Arthur!  Arthur bent
eagerly over to kiss her; but at that instant Van Helsing, who, like me,
had been startled by her voice, swooped upon him, and catching him by
the neck with both hands, dragged him back with a fury of strength which
I never thought he could have possessed, and actually hurled him almost
across the room.  Arthur was so taken aback that he did not for a moment know what to do
or say; and before any impulse of violence could seize him he realised
the place and the occasion, and stood silent, waiting.  Lucy's eyes closed; and Van Helsing, who had been watching closely, took
Arthur's arm, and drew him away.  I took Arthur by the arm, and led him away to the drawing-room, where he
sat down, and covered his face with his hands, sobbing in a way that
nearly broke me down to see.  There were no relatives
at hand; and as Arthur had to be back the next day to attend at his
father's funeral, we were unable to notify any one who should have been
bidden.  I would like to do it to-night, but for
Arthur I must not; he will be free after his father's funeral to-morrow,
and he will want to see her--to see _it_.  Were you not amazed, nay
horrified, when I would not let Arthur kiss his love--though she was
dying--and snatched him away by all my strength?  Arthur was expected at five o'clock, so
a little before that time we visited the death-chamber.  The undertaker seemed shocked at his own stupidity and
exerted himself to restore things to the condition in which we left them
the night before, so that when Arthur came such shocks to his feelings
as we could avoid were saved.  It frightened and amazed me somewhat; and as for Arthur, he
fell a-trembling, and finally was shaken with doubt as with an ague.  Van Helsing had been silent all dinner-time; but
when we had lit our cigars he said--

"Lord----"; but Arthur interrupted him:--

"No, no, not that, for God's sake!  I must not call you
'Mr.,' and I have grown to love you--yes, my dear boy, to love you--as
Arthur."  Arthur held out his hand, and took the old man's warmly.  "And, indeed, indeed, sir," said Arthur warmly, "I shall in all ways
trust you.  Arthur spoke out heartily, like his old self:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, you may do what you will.  And poor, poor Arthur, to have
lost such sweetness out of his life!  When it was all over, we were
standing beside Arthur, who, poor fellow, was speaking of his part in
the operation where his blood had been transfused to his Lucy's veins; I
could see Van Helsing's face grow white and purple by turns.  Arthur was
saying that he felt since then as if they two had been really married
and that she was his wife in the sight of God.  I am friend of Dr. John Seward and
of Lord Godalming (that was Arthur of Miss Lucy).  Dr. Van Helsing must be a
good man as well as a clever one if he is Arthur's friend and Dr.
Seward's, and if they brought him all the way from Holland to look after
Lucy.  Quincey wrote me a line too, and from him I hear that
Arthur is beginning to recover something of his old buoyancy; so as to
them all my mind is at rest.  But then we may have to
want Arthur, and how shall we tell him of this?  If you, who saw the
wounds on Lucy's throat, and saw the wounds so similar on the child's at
the hospital; if you, who saw the coffin empty last night and full
to-day with a woman who have not change only to be more rose and more
beautiful in a whole week, after she die--if you know of this and know
of the white figure last night that brought the child to the churchyard,
and yet of your own senses you did not believe, how, then, can I expect
Arthur, who know none of those things, to believe?  I shall send for Arthur to come too,
and also that so fine young man of America that gave his blood.  *       *       *       *       *

_29 September, morning._.... Last night, at a little before ten o'clock,
Arthur and Quincey came into Van Helsing's room; he told us all that he
wanted us to do, but especially addressing himself to Arthur, as if all
our wills were centred in his.  Then Arthur spoke out:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, I don't quite like to 'buy a pig in a poke,' as they
say in Scotland, and if it be anything in which my honour as a gentleman
or my faith as a Christian is concerned, I cannot make such a promise.  said Arthur; "that is only fair.  Arthur went on: "And
when there?"  Arthur stood up.  Arthur looked up with set white face and said:--

"Take care, sir, take care!"  But if she be not dead----"

Arthur jumped to his feet.  cried Arthur in a storm of passion.  He
said this with a very grave, sweet pride, and Arthur was much affected
by it.  Arthur stepped
forward hesitatingly; Van Helsing said to me:--

"You were with me here yesterday.  Arthur
looked on, very pale but silent; when the lid was removed he stepped
forward.  Arthur was silent, and was, I
could see, striving to grasp the purpose and the inner meaning of the
mystery.  This time the question was by
Arthur.  I pitied the others, especially Arthur.  Arthur was next to me, and if I had
not seized his arm and held him up, he would have fallen.  She still advanced, however, and with a languorous, voluptuous grace,
said:--

"Come to me, Arthur.  As for Arthur, he seemed under
a spell; moving his hands from his face, he opened wide his arms.  Van Helsing broke the silence by asking Arthur:--

"Answer me, oh my friend!  Arthur threw himself on his knees, and hid his face in his hands, as he
answered:--

"Do as you will, friend; do as you will.  Coming close to Arthur,
he said:--

"My friend Arthur, you have had a sore trial; but after, when you look
back, you will see how it was necessary.  *       *       *       *       *

_29 September, night._--A little before twelve o'clock we three--Arthur,
Quincey Morris, and myself--called for the Professor.  Of
course, Arthur wore black, for he was in deep mourning, but the rest of
us wore it by instinct.  When he again lifted the lid off Lucy's coffin we all looked--Arthur
trembling like an aspen--and saw that the body lay there in all its
death-beauty.  I could see even Arthur's face grow hard as he looked.  To
me, a doctor's preparations for work of any kind are stimulating and
bracing, but the effect of these things on both Arthur and Quincey was
to cause them a sort of consternation.  "Go on," said Arthur hoarsely.  Arthur took the stake and the hammer, and when once his mind was set on
action his hands never trembled nor even quivered.  Arthur placed the point over the heart, and as I looked I could
see its dint in the white flesh.  But Arthur
never faltered.  The hammer fell from Arthur's hand.  We gazed so eagerly that Arthur rose, for he had
been seated on the ground, and came and looked too; and then a glad,
strange light broke over his face and dispelled altogether the gloom of
horror that lay upon it.  Van Helsing came and laid his hand on Arthur's shoulder, and said to
him:--

"And now, Arthur my friend, dear lad, am I not forgiven?"  Arthur bent and kissed her, and then we sent him and Quincey out of the
tomb; the Professor and I sawed the top off the stake, leaving the point
of it in the body.  And
Arthur and my friend Quincey, they are with you, too?  One lesson, too, we have
learned, if it be allowable to argue _a particulari_: that the brute
beasts which are to the Count's command are yet themselves not amenable
to his spiritual power; for look, these rats that would come to his
call, just as from his castle top he summon the wolves to your going and
to that poor mother's cry, though they come to him, they run pell-mell
from the so little dogs of my friend Arthur.  I
went over and opened it and found in the corridor without, Arthur and
Quincey in pajamas and slippers: the former spoke:--

"I heard your man call up Dr. Van Helsing and tell him of an accident.  Van Helsing said gravely:--

"Go on, friend Arthur.  We shall go there and
search that house; and when we learn what it holds, then we do what our
friend Arthur call, in his phrases of hunt 'stop the earths' and so we
run down our old fox--so?  By my clock it is one hour and already, if all be
well, friend Arthur and Quincey are on their way to us.  What we must hope for
is that my Lord Arthur and Quincey arrive first."  In all our hunting parties and
adventures in different parts of the world, Quincey Morris had always
been the one to arrange the plan of action, and Arthur and I had been
accustomed to obey him implicitly.  as friend Arthur would
say when he put on his red frock!  You, friend Arthur, go to the train and get the
tickets and arrange that all be ready for us to go in the morning. 

Frase lunga: If you, who saw the
wounds on Lucy's throat, and saw the wounds so similar on the child's at
the hospital; if you, who saw the coffin empty last night and full
to-day with a woman who have not change only to be more rose and more
beautiful in a whole week, after she die--if you know of this and know
of the white figure last night that brought the child to the churchyard,
and yet of your own senses you did not believe, how, then, can I expect
Arthur, who know none of those things, to believe? 
Frase corta: asked Arthur hoarsely.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Arthur', 116), ('Van', 16), ('Helsing', 15), ('friend', 12), ('Quincey', 11), ('Lucy', 11), ('face', 8), ('Dr.', 7), ('My', 7), ('hands', 6)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 30), ('had', 18), ('is', 16), ('have', 15), ('said', 13), ('been', 12), ('do', 11), ('be', 11), ('see', 10), ('were', 9)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Arthur', 113), (' Van Helsing', 11), (' Lucy', 8), (' Quincey', 6), (' Van', 5), (' Art', 3), (' Quincey Morris', 3), (' John', 2), (' Somehow', 1), (' Helsing', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Quincey', 2), (' Lucy', 2), (' Arthur', 2), (' Thank', 1), (' Christian', 1), (' Holland', 1), (' Scotland', 1), (' Titicaca', 1), (' America', 1), (' Jack', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['25 May'], ['May'], ['2 September'], ['September'], ['3 September'], ['September'], ['6 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: This time the question was by
Arthur. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Harker 
Frequenza: 85 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
_Mina Harker's Journal._

_22 September._--In the train to Exeter.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_26 September._--I thought never to write in this diary again, but the
time has come.  When the wire was despatched he had a cup of tea; over it he told me of
a diary kept by Jonathan Harker when abroad, and gave me a typewritten
copy of it, as also of Mrs. Harker's diary at Whitby.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_29 September._--After I had tidied myself, I went down to Dr. Seward's
study.  Mrs. Harker was not down when the maid came to announce
dinner, so I said: "She is possibly tired; let dinner wait an hour," and
I went on with my work.  I had just finished Mrs. Harker's diary, when
she came in.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_29 September._--After dinner I came with Dr. Seward to his study.  *       *       *       *       *

_Later._--After lunch Harker and his wife went back to their own room,
and as I passed a while ago I heard the click of the typewriter.  Mrs. Harker says that they are knitting together in
chronological order every scrap of evidence they have.  What a good thing
     that Mrs. Harker put my cylinders into type!  I believe that, had I
     not had the chat with Harker and read the letters and the dates of
     his outbursts, I should have been prepared to sign for him after a
     brief time of observation.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_29 September, in train to London._--When I received Mr. Billington's
courteous message that he would give me any information in his power I
thought it best to go down to Whitby and make, on the spot, such
inquiries as I wanted.  _Mina Harker's Journal_

_30 September._--I am so glad that I hardly know how to contain myself.  CHAPTER XVIII

DR. SEWARD'S DIARY


_30 September._--I got home at five o'clock, and found that Godalming
and Morris had not only arrived, but had already studied the transcript
of the various diaries and letters which Harker and his wonderful wife
had made and arranged.  Harker had not yet returned from his visit to the
carriers' men, of whom Dr. Hennessey had written to me.  Mrs. Harker gave
us a cup of tea, and I can honestly say that, for the first time since I
have lived in it, this old house seemed like _home_.  When we had
finished, Mrs. Harker said:--

"Dr. Seward, may I ask a favour?  Mrs. Harker smiled sweetly as she replied:--

"Oh no!  I wonder if it was Mrs. Harker's presence which had touched
some chord in his memory.  As I drove to the house I told him of what had passed, and of how my own
diary had come to be of some use through Mrs. Harker's suggestion; at
which the Professor interrupted me:--

"Ah, that wonderful Madam Mina!  Mrs. Harker began to blush, and taking a paper from her pockets, she
said:--

"Dr. Van Helsing, will you read this, and tell me if it must go in.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_30 September._--When we met in Dr. Seward's study two hours after
dinner, which had been at six o'clock, we unconsciously formed a sort of
board or committee.  said Harker.  "When our sane and learned lunatic made that very
statement of how he _used_ to consume life, his mouth was actually
nauseous with the flies and spiders which he had eaten just before Mrs.
Harker entered the room."  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_1 October._--It is strange to me to be kept in the dark as I am to-day;
after Jonathan's full confidence for so many years, to see him
manifestly avoid certain matters, and those the most vital of all.  Harker was the only one who had any result,
and we are in great hopes that his clue may be an important one.  I thought that, somehow, Mrs.
Harker had come into the room."  Renfield went on without
noticing:--

"When Mrs. Harker came in to see me this afternoon she wasn't the same;
it was like tea after the teapot had been watered."  With his left
hand he held both Mrs. Harker's hands, keeping them away with her arms
at full tension; his right hand gripped her by the back of the neck,
forcing her face down on his bosom.  It puzzled me to think why he was doing this; but at the
instant I heard Harker's quick exclamation as he woke to partial
consciousness, and turned to the bed.  Harker cried out.  "Go on," said Harker hoarsely; so he bowed his head and
moistening his lips with his tongue, added: "except that the poor fellow
is dead."  Mrs. Harker raised her head, looking from one to the other of
us she said solemnly:--

"God's will be done!"  For a space of perhaps
a couple of minutes there was silence, and I could fancy that I could
hear the sound of our hearts beating; then Van Helsing said, placing his
hand very tenderly on Mrs. Harker's head:--

"And now, Madam Mina--poor, dear, dear Madam Mina--tell us exactly what
happened.  Harker was still and quiet;
but over his face, as the awful narrative went on, came a grey look
which deepened and deepened in the morning light, till when the first
red streak of the coming dawn shot up, the flesh stood darkly out
against the whitening hair.  Harker groaned and said, "And this is all arrayed against my darling!  "I fail to understand," said Harker wearily.  About half an hour after we had received Mrs. Harker's telegram, there
came a quiet, resolute knock at the hall door.  Van Helsing, Harker, and I were
just behind the door, so that when it was opened the Professor could
guard it whilst we two stepped between the incomer and the door.  The first to act was
Harker, who, with a quick movement, threw himself before the door
leading into the room in the front of the house.  The expression of the Count's face was so hellish, that for a
moment I feared for Harker, though I saw him throw the terrible knife
aloft again for another stroke.  The next instant, with a sinuous
dive he swept under Harker's arm, ere his blow could fall, and, grasping
a handful of the money from the floor, dashed across the room, threw
himself at the window.  As he spoke he put the money remaining into his pocket; took
the title-deeds in the bundle as Harker had left them, and swept the
remaining things into the open fireplace, where he set fire to them with
a match.  Godalming and Morris had rushed out into the yard, and Harker had
lowered himself from the window to follow the Count.  I could see that he spoke as
bravely as he could to comfort Harker.  When we came to the
part where Harker had rushed at the Count so recklessly, she clung to
her husband's arm, and held it tight as though her clinging could
protect him from any harm that might come.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_3-4 October, close to midnight._--I thought yesterday would never end.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_4 October._--When I read to Mina, Van Helsing's message in the
phonograph, the poor girl brightened up considerably.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_5 October, 5 p. m._--Our meeting for report.  It was only when I
caught sight of the red blotch on Mrs. Harker's forehead that I was
brought back to reality.  I see only one immediate difficulty, I know it by instinct
rather than reason: we shall all have to speak frankly; and yet I fear
that in some mysterious way poor Mrs. Harker's tongue is tied.  One thing I know: that if my
instinct be true regarding poor Mrs. Harker's silences, then there is a
terrible difficulty--an unknown danger--in the work before us.  Mrs. Harker had sent a
message by her husband to say that she would not join us at present, as
she thought it better that we should be free to discuss our movements
without her presence to embarrass us.  For my own
part, I thought that if Mrs. Harker realised the danger herself, it was
much pain as well as much danger averted.  said Harker interrogatively, looking from one to another of
us.  Harker was silent for awhile and then said
in a hollow voice:--

"Let us talk of that part of it in the morning.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_5 October, afternoon._--For some time after our meeting this morning I
could not think.  The
faces of the others were set and Harker's grew ashen grey; perhaps he
guessed better than any of us what was coming.  Mrs. Harker
smiled, positively smiled, as with a sigh of relief she leaned back and
said:--

"And now one word of warning, a warning which you must never forget:
this time, if it ever come, may come quickly and unexpectedly, and in
such case you must lose no time in using your opportunity.  Strange as it all was, bizarre as it may
hereafter seem even to us who felt its potent influence at the time, it
comforted us much; and the silence, which showed Mrs. Harker's coming
relapse from her freedom of soul, did not seem so full of despair to any
of us as we had dreaded.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_15 October, Varna._--We left Charing Cross on the morning of the 12th,
got to Paris the same night, and took the places secured for us in the
Orient Express.  It
would break poor Harker's heart--certainly his nerve--if he knew that we
had even a suspicion on the subject.  We men are all in a fever of
excitement, except Harker, who is calm; his hands are cold as ice, and
an hour ago I found him whetting the edge of the great Ghoorka knife
which he now always carries with him.  Van Helsing and I were a little alarmed about Mrs. Harker to-day.  That she is still journeying _somewhere_ is
apparent, for Mrs. Harker's hypnotic report at sunrise was still the
same.  Mrs. Harker reported last night and this morning as usual: "lapping
waves and rushing water," though she added that "the waves were very
faint."  I was about to ask him more, but Harker
just then came in, and he held up a warning hand.  Mrs. Harker grew ghastly white, so
that the scar on her forehead seemed to burn, but she folded her hands
meekly and looked up in prayer.  Harker smiled--actually smiled--the
dark, bitter smile of one who is without hope; but at the same time his
action belied his words, for his hands instinctively sought the hilt of
the great Kukri knife and rested there.  When the three men had gone out to their tasks Van Helsing asked Mrs.
Harker to look up the copy of the diaries and find him the part of
Harker's journal at the Castle.  I thought that the Professor was going to break down and have hysterics,
just as he had when Lucy died, but with a great effort he controlled
himself and was at perfect nervous poise when Mrs. Harker tripped into
the room, bright and happy-looking and, in the doing of work, seemingly
forgetful of her misery.  Oh, my dear, I see that your eyes are
opened, and that to you the lightning flash show all the leagues," for
Mrs. Harker began to clap her hands and her eyes sparkled.  And so I have written it whilst we wait their return, and Mrs. Harker
has written with her typewriter all since she brought the MS. to us.  When the usual time came round Mrs.
Harker prepared herself for her hypnotic effort; and after a longer and
more serious effort on the part of Van Helsing than has been usually
necessary, she sank into the trance.  Quincey raised his eyebrows slightly and looked at her intently, whilst
Harker's hand instinctively closed round the hilt of his Kukri.  Mrs. Harker yielded to the hypnotic influence even less readily than
this morning.  At the same time there was despair in his eyes, for the risen sun
was reddening even Mrs. Harker's pale face.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_30 October._--Mr. Morris took me to the hotel where our rooms had been
ordered by telegraph, he being the one who could best be spared, since
he does not speak any foreign language.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_30 October._--At nine o'clock Dr. Van Helsing, Dr. Seward, and I called
on Messrs. Mackenzie & Steinkoff, the agents of the London firm of
Hapgood.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_30 October, evening._--They were so tired and worn out and dispirited
that there was nothing to be done till they had some rest; so I asked
them all to lie down for half an hour whilst I should enter everything
up to the moment.  _Mina Harker's Memorandum._

(Entered in her Journal.)  _Mina Harker's Journal--continued._

When I had done reading, Jonathan took me in his arms and kissed me.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_October 30.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_31 October._--Arrived at Veresti at noon.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_6 November._--It was late in the afternoon when the Professor and I
took our way towards the east whence I knew Jonathan was coming. 

Frase lunga: For a space of perhaps
a couple of minutes there was silence, and I could fancy that I could
hear the sound of our hearts beating; then Van Helsing said, placing his
hand very tenderly on Mrs. Harker's head:--

"And now, Madam Mina--poor, dear, dear Madam Mina--tell us exactly what
happened. 
Frase corta: said Harker.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Harker', 87), ('Mrs.', 36), ('_Mina', 13), ('time', 10), ('Van', 8), ('Dr.', 8), ('_Jonathan', 8), ('Helsing', 8), ('September._', 7), ('morning', 6)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('had', 32), ('was', 28), ('said', 12), ('is', 10), ('came', 9), ('be', 8), ('thought', 7), ('come', 6), ('have', 6), ('see', 5)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Harker', 85), (' _Jonathan', 8), (' Van Helsing', 7), (' Madam Mina', 3), (' Jonathan', 3), (' Seward', 3), (' Morris', 2), (' Van', 1), (' Renfield', 1), (' Lucy', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' _Mina', 13), (' Paris', 1), (' Mina', 1), (' Hapgood', 1), (' London', 1), (' Whitby', 1), (' Castle', 1), (' Strange', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['22 September'], ['September'], ['26 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September'], ['30 September'], ['September'], ['30 September'], ['September'], ['30 September'], ['September'], ['1 October'], ['October'], ['3-4'], ['October'], ['4 October'], ['October'], ['5 October'], ['October'], ['5 October'], ['October'], ['15 October'], ['October'], ['30 October'], ['October'], ['30 October'], ['October'], ['30 October'], ['October'], ['October 30'], ['31 October'], ['October'], ['6 November'], ['November']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: "I fail to understand," said Harker wearily. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Seward 
Frequenza: 85 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
"Well, he did look so good-humoured and so jolly that it didn't seem
half so hard to refuse him as it did poor Dr. Seward; so I said, as
lightly as I could, that I did not know anything of hitching, and that I
wasn't broken to harness at all yet.  Seward's Diary._

(Kept in phonograph)

_25 May._--Ebb tide in appetite to-day.  Seward's Diary._

_5 June._--The case of Renfield grows more interesting the more I get to
understand the man.  Seward's Diary._

_19 August._--Strange and sudden change in Renfield last night.  Seward's Diary._

_20 August._--The case of Renfield grows even more interesting.  Seward's Diary._

_4 September._--Zophagous patient still keeps up our interest in him.  _Telegram, Seward, London, to Van Helsing, Amsterdam._

"_4 September._--Patient still better to-day."  _Telegram, Seward, London, to Van Helsing, Amsterdam._

"_5 September._--Patient greatly improved.  _Telegram, Seward, London, to Van Helsing, Amsterdam._

"_6 September._--Terrible change for the worse.  Seward's Diary._

_7 September._--The first thing Van Helsing said to me when we met at
Liverpool Street was:--

"Have you said anything to our young friend the lover of her?"  Seward's Diary--continued._

_8 September._--I sat up all night with Lucy.  Seward's Diary._

_10 September._--I was conscious of the Professor's hand on my head, and
started awake all in a second.  When her mother
came up to see her, she did not seem to notice any change whatever, but
said to me gratefully:--

"We owe you so much, Dr. Seward, for all you have done, but you really
must now take care not to overwork yourself.  Seward's Diary._

_13 September._--Called at the Berkeley and found Van Helsing, as usual,
up to time.  Seward's Diary._

_17 September._--I was engaged after dinner in my study posting up my
books, which, through press of other work and the many visits to Lucy,
had fallen sadly into arrear.  _Telegram, Van Helsing, Antwerp, to Seward, Carfax._

(Sent to Carfax, Sussex, as no county given; delivered late by
twenty-two hours.)  Seward's Diary._

_18 September._--Just off for train to London.  I was not afraid, but I did wish that Dr. Seward was in
the next room--as Dr. Van Helsing said he would be--so that I might have
called him.  He handed me a telegram:--

"Have not heard from Seward for three days, and am terribly anxious.  Seward's Diary._

_20 September._--Only resolution and habit can let me make an entry
to-night.  Seward's Diary._

_22 September._--It is all over.  Dr. Van Helsing must be a
good man as well as a clever one if he is Arthur's friend and Dr.
Seward's, and if they brought him all the way from Holland to look after
Lucy.  Seward's Diary._

_26 September._--Truly there is no such thing as finality.  Seward's Diary._

_28 September._--It is wonderful what a good night's sleep will do for
one.  What happened was this: Two nights ago my friend Seward and
I came here--with good purpose, believe me.  The crowd melted away, after the bustling fashion common to arrival
platforms; and I was beginning to feel uneasy, lest I might miss my
guest, when a sweet-faced, dainty-looking girl stepped up to me, and,
after a quick glance, said: "Dr. Seward, is it not?"  By this time my mind was
made up that the diary of a doctor who attended Lucy might have
something to add to the sum of our knowledge of that terrible Being, and
I said boldly:--

"Then, Dr. Seward, you had better let me copy it out for you on my
typewriter."  Seward's Diary._

_29 September._--I was so absorbed in that wonderful diary of Jonathan
Harker and that other of his wife that I let the time run on without
thinking.  When Dr. Seward saw me he jumped up with a
horrified exclamation, and hurriedly taking a case-bottle from a
cupboard, gave me some brandy, which in a few minutes somewhat restored
me.  It was late when I got through, but Dr. Seward went about
his work of going his round of the patients; when he had finished he
came back and sat near me, reading, so that I did not feel too lonely
whilst I worked.  Before I left him I
remembered what Jonathan put in his diary of the Professor's
perturbation at reading something in an evening paper at the station at
Exeter; so, seeing that Dr. Seward keeps his newspapers, I borrowed the
files of "The Westminster Gazette" and "The Pall Mall Gazette," and took
them to my room.  Seward's Diary._

_30 September._--Mr. Harker arrived at nine o'clock.  There should be fifty of them there, unless any have
since been removed--as from Dr. Seward's diary I fear.  To read Dr. Seward's account of poor Lucy's
death, and what followed, is enough to dry up the springs of pity in
one's heart.  Dr. Seward was out on business, and had taken Jonathan with
him, so I had to see them.  I knew from Dr. Seward's diary that
they had been at Lucy's death--her real death--and that I need not fear
to betray any secret before the time.  When we had
finished, Mrs. Harker said:--

"Dr. Seward, may I ask a favour?  "You see, I know you, for Dr.
Seward has told me of you."  I have a husband of my own, to whom I was married before I ever
saw Dr. Seward, or he me.  Dr. Seward is loved not only by his
household and his friends, but even by his patients, who, being some of
them hardly in mental equilibrium, are apt to distort causes and
effects.  _Mina Harker's Journal._

_30 September._--When we met in Dr. Seward's study two hours after
dinner, which had been at six o'clock, we unconsciously formed a sort of
board or committee.  Professor Van Helsing took the head of the table, to
which Dr. Seward motioned him as he came into the room.  Opposite us were Lord Godalming, Dr. Seward, and Mr.
Morris--Lord Godalming being next the Professor, and Dr. Seward in the
centre.  Dr. Seward simply nodded.  Seward's Diary._

_1 October, 4 a. m._--Just as we were about to leave the house, an
urgent message was brought to me from Renfield to know if I would see
him at once, as he had something of the utmost importance to say to me.  And I am sure that you, Dr. Seward, humanitarian and medico-jurist as
well as scientist, will deem it a moral duty to deal with me as one to
be considered as under exceptional circumstances."  This did not at all satisfy him, for he said
quickly:--

"But I fear, Dr. Seward, that you hardly apprehend my wish.  I will undertake that if you will satisfy even me--a stranger,
without prejudice, and with the habit of keeping an open mind--Dr.
Seward will give you, at his own risk and on his own responsibility, the
privilege you seek."  He threw himself on his knees, and held up
his hands, wringing them in plaintive supplication, and poured forth a
torrent of entreaty, with the tears rolling down his cheeks, and his
whole face and form expressive of the deepest emotion:--

"Let me entreat you, Dr. Seward, oh, let me implore you, to let me out
of this house at once.  When I was leaving the room, last of our party, he said to me in a
quiet, well-bred voice:--

"You will, I trust, Dr. Seward, do me the justice to bear in mind, later
on, that I did what I could to convince you to-night."  Dr. Seward seemed to answer them both in a
dreamy kind of way:--

"I don't know but that I agree with you.  Dr. Seward tried one or two skeleton keys, his mechanical dexterity as a
surgeon standing him in good stead.  It was startlingly like the image conveyed to me in
Dr. Seward's diary of the opening of Miss Westenra's tomb; I fancy that
the same idea seemed to strike the others, for with one accord they
shrank back.  Rushing over to the great
iron-bound oaken door, which Dr. Seward had described from the outside,
and which I had seen myself, he turned the key in the lock, drew the
huge bolts, and swung the door open.  It was answered
from behind Dr. Seward's house by the yelping of dogs, and after about a
minute three terriers came dashing round the corner of the house.  Seward's Diary._

_1 October._--It was towards noon when I was awakened by the Professor
walking into my room.  I wanted to secure a friend, and not to make an enemy, so I thanked him,
gave the address at Dr. Seward's and came away.  Seward's Diary._

_1 October._--I am puzzled afresh about Renfield.  Renfield
watched them go; when the door was closed he said, with considerable
dignity and sweetness:--

"Dr. Seward, you have been very considerate towards me.  Seward's Diary._

_2 October._--I placed a man in the corridor last night, and told him to
make an accurate note of any sound he might hear from Renfield's room,
and gave him instructions that if there should be anything strange he
was to call me.  "Dr. Seward, Dr.
Van Helsing, what is it?  After a
while her sobs became less frequent and more faint, and then he said to
me, speaking with a studied calmness which I felt tried his nervous
power to the utmost:--

"And now, Dr. Seward, tell me all about it.  When Dr. Van Helsing and Dr. Seward had come back from seeing poor
Renfield, we went gravely into what was to be done.  First, Dr. Seward
told us that when he and Dr. Van Helsing had gone down to the room below
they had found Renfield lying on the floor, all in a heap.  Dr. Seward asked the attendant who was on duty in the passage if he had
heard anything.  Dr.
Seward said to us, when we were alone, that he did not wish to go into
the matter; the question of an inquest had to be considered, and it
would never do to put forward the truth, as no one would believe it.  Dr. Seward was resting on the mattress, and, seeing
me, he sprang to his feet.  Present: Professor Van
Helsing, Lord Godalming, Dr. Seward, Mr. Quincey Morris, Jonathan
Harker, Mina Harker.  Seward's Diary._

_5 October._--We all rose early, and I think that sleep did much for
each and all of us.  We went to his room, and within
a minute Lord Godalming, Dr. Seward, and Mr. Morris were with us also.  If the
Count is there, Van Helsing and Seward will cut off his head at once and
drive a stake through his heart.  Seward's Diary._

_25 October._--How I miss my phonograph!  Seward's Diary._

_28 October._--When the telegram came announcing the arrival in Galatz I
do not think it was such a shock to any of us as might have been
expected.  _Jonathan Harker's Journal._

_30 October._--At nine o'clock Dr. Van Helsing, Dr. Seward, and I called
on Messrs. Mackenzie & Steinkoff, the agents of the London firm of
Hapgood.  Dr.
Seward said:--

"I think I had better go with Quincey.  Dr. Seward
and Mr. Morris have half a dozen good horses, well appointed.  I wonder how
Dr. Seward and Mr. Morris are getting on.  Seward's Diary._

_2 November._--Three days on the road.  Oh, if only
Morris and Seward were with us.  Seward's Diary._

_5 November._--With the dawn we saw the body of Szgany before us dashing
away from the river with their leiter-wagon.  The two men might be Dr. Seward
and Mr. Morris.  Instinctively they reined in, and at the instant Lord Godalming
and Jonathan dashed up at one side and Dr. Seward and Mr. Morris on the
other.  By this time the gypsies, seeing themselves covered by the Winchesters,
and at the mercy of Lord Godalming and Dr. Seward, had given in and made
no resistance.  When we got home we were talking of the old time--which we could all
look back on without despair, for Godalming and Seward are both happily
married.  We were struck with the fact, that in all the
mass of material of which the record is composed, there is hardly one
authentic document; nothing but a mass of typewriting, except the later
note-books of Mina and Seward and myself, and Van Helsing's memorandum. 

Frase lunga: He threw himself on his knees, and held up
his hands, wringing them in plaintive supplication, and poured forth a
torrent of entreaty, with the tears rolling down his cheeks, and his
whole face and form expressive of the deepest emotion:--

"Let me entreat you, Dr. Seward, oh, let me implore you, to let me out
of this house at once. 
Frase corta: Dr. Seward simply nodded.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Seward', 86), ('Dr.', 56), ('September._', 17), ('Van', 16), ('Helsing', 16), ('Renfield', 9), ('Morris', 8), ('room', 8), ('Mr.', 8), ('Godalming', 7)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('was', 25), ('had', 18), ('said', 14), ('did', 11), ('is', 11), ('be', 8), ('have', 8), ('were', 7), ('came', 7), ('do', 5)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Seward', 85), (' Van Helsing', 16), (' Mr. Morris', 6), (' Renfield', 5), (' Lord Godalming', 4), (' Harker', 3), (' Lucy', 3), (' Jonathan', 3), (' Jonathan Harker', 2), (' Mr. Quincey Morris', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' London', 5), (' _Telegram', 4), (' Renfield', 4), (' Mina', 1), (' Carfax', 1), (' _Mina', 1), (' Sussex', 1), (' Being', 1), (' Lucy', 1), (' Galatz', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['25 May'], ['May'], ['5 June'], ['June'], ['19 August'], ['August'], ['20 August'], ['August'], ['4 September'], ['September'], ['4 September'], ['September'], ['5 September'], ['September'], ['6 September'], ['September'], ['7 September'], ['September'], ['8 September'], ['September'], ['10 September'], ['September'], ['13 September'], ['September'], ['17 September'], ['September'], ['18 September'], ['September'], ['20 September'], ['September'], ['22 September'], ['September'], ['26 September'], ['September'], ['28 September'], ['September'], ['29 September'], ['September'], ['30 September'], ['September'], ['30 September'], ['September'], ['1 October'], ['October'], ['1 October'], ['October'], ['1 October'], ['October'], ['2 October'], ['October'], ['5 October'], ['October'], ['25 October'], ['October'], ['28 October'], ['October'], ['30 October'], ['October'], ['2 November'], ['November'], ['5 November'], ['November']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Oh, if only
Morris and Seward were with us. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Madam Mina 
Frequenza: 81 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Oh, Madam Mina, by that love, I implore you, help me.  He took
it and said tenderly:--

"Oh, Madam Mina, I knew that the friend of that poor lily girl must be
good, but I had yet to learn----" He finished his speech with a courtly
bow.  She sometimes kept a diary--you need not look
surprised, Madam Mina; it was begun after you had left, and was in
imitation of you--and in that diary she traces by inference certain
things to a sleep-walking in which she puts down that you saved her.  "Oh, Madam Mina, I will be grateful; you will do me much favour."  "Oh, Madam Mina," he said, "how can I say what I owe to you?  Oh, Madam Mina, good women tell
all their lives, and by day and by hour and by minute, such things that
angels can read; and we men who wish to know have in us something of
angels' eyes.  *       *       *       *       *

_Letter (by hand), Van Helsing to Mrs. Harker._

"_25 September, 6 o'clock._

"Dear Madam Mina,--

"I have read your husband's so wonderful diary.  When I came into the room where he
was, and introduced myself, he took me by the shoulder, and turned my
face round to the light, and said, after a sharp scrutiny:--

"But Madam Mina told me you were ill, that you had had a shock."  It was
so funny to hear my wife called "Madam Mina" by this kindly,
strong-faced old man.  When we were parting he
said:--

"Perhaps you will come to town if I send to you, and take Madam Mina
too."  This recalled him to himself, and he leaned out of
the window and waved his hand, calling out: "Love to Madam Mina; I shall
write so soon as ever I can."  "Ah, that wonderful Madam Mina," he said,
"pearl among women!  As I drove to the house I told him of what had passed, and of how my own
diary had come to be of some use through Mrs. Harker's suggestion; at
which the Professor interrupted me:--

"Ah, that wonderful Madam Mina!  Before we went to prepare for
dinner he said to Mrs. Harker:--

"I am told, Madam Mina, by my friend John that you and your husband have
put up in exact order all things that have been, up to this moment."  He can transform himself to wolf, as we gather
from the ship arrival in Whitby, when he tear open the dog; he can be as
bat, as Madam Mina saw him on the window at Whitby, and as friend John
saw him fly from this so near house, and as my friend Quincey saw him at
the window of Miss Lucy.  "And now for you, Madam Mina, this night is the end until all be well.  More than all do I rejoice that this, our
first--and perhaps our most difficult and dangerous--step has been
accomplished without the bringing thereinto our most sweet Madam Mina or
troubling her waking or sleeping thoughts with sights and sounds and
smells of horror which she might never forget.  He said to Madam Mina, as I see in your diary of yesterday, that
he had once had such a belief.  Thus departed for this time my chance of much learning from this so
clever lunatic; so I shall go, if I may, and cheer myself with a few
happy words with that sweet soul Madam Mina.  that that dear Madam Mina should suffer!"  We can
do nothing with poor Madam Mina for a few moments till she recovers
herself; I must wake him!"  For a space of perhaps
a couple of minutes there was silence, and I could fancy that I could
hear the sound of our hearts beating; then Van Helsing said, placing his
hand very tenderly on Mrs. Harker's head:--

"And now, Madam Mina--poor, dear, dear Madam Mina--tell us exactly what
happened.  Van Helsing was looking at her fixedly as she spoke, and said, suddenly
but quietly:--

"But dear Madam Mina, are you not afraid; not for yourself, but for
others from yourself, after what has happened?"  "Oh,
Madam Mina," he said, "dear, dear Madam Mina, alas!  Now, Madam Mina, you are in any case _quite_ safe
here until the sunset; and before then we shall return--if---- We shall
return!  And oh, Madam
Mina, my dear, my dear, may we who love you be there to see, when that
red scar, the sign of God's knowledge of what has been, shall pass away,
and leave your forehead as pure as the heart we know.  If it may be that with all the others we can
be so successful, then the sunset of this evening may shine on Madam
Mina's forehead all white as ivory and with no stain!"  But God is merciful and just, and knows your pain and your
devotion to that dear Madam Mina.  We had to
recognise that our game was up; with heavy hearts we agreed with the
Professor when he said:--

"Let us go back to Madam Mina--poor, poor dear Madam Mina.  When the Professor saw Mina a smile--a
positive smile ousted the anxiety of his face; he rubbed his hands as he
said:--

"Oh, my dear Madam Mina, this is indeed a change.  friend Jonathan,
we have got our dear Madam Mina, as of old, back to us to-day!"  He looked at her gravely for
a minute and then said sorrowfully:--

"Because my dear, dear Madam Mina, now more than ever must we find him
even if we have to follow him to the jaws of Hell!"  You are to stay with your dear Madam Mina.  Then we will
comfort you and poor dear Madam Mina with new hope.  Take heart afresh, dear husband of Madam Mina.  He was in sailing ship, since
Madam Mina tell of sails being set.  "And so, my dear Madam Mina, it is that we have to rest for a time, for
our enemy is on the sea, with the fog at his command, on his way to the
Danube mouth.  All this have I told these others; you, my
dear Madam Mina, will learn it in the phonograph of my friend John, or
in that of your husband.  Later, we may have to take the others into our
confidence"; then he stopped, so I waited; he went on:--

"Madam Mina, our poor, dear Madam Mina is changing."  "But why, dear Madam Mina?  Dr. Van Helsing said
very gravely:--

"Madam Mina, you are, as always, most wise.  We have now to deal with a
new factor: Madam Mina.  "I swear the same, my dear Madam Mina!"  He added significantly:--

"I did not like that lethargy of Madam Mina's.  John will stay
with Madam Mina and me, and we shall consult.  In the moment when Madam Mina said those
words that arrest both our understanding, an inspiration came to me.  Here comes Madam Mina; not a word to her of her trance!  Then holding the pages between his finger and
thumb he said:--

"Friend John, to you with so much of experience already--and you, too,
dear Madam Mina, that are young--here is a lesson: do not fear ever to
think.  You, no, Madam Mina; for crime touch you not--not
but once.  "Oh, Madam Mina," he said, sadly, "it is proof, if proof be needed, of
how I love and honour you, when a word for your good, spoken more
earnest than ever, can seem so strange because it is to order her whom I
am proud to obey!"  The
others kept shaking me by both hands, and Dr. Van Helsing said:--

"Our dear Madam Mina is once more our teacher.  Be not afraid for Madam Mina; she
will be my care, if I may.  Now let
me say that what I would is this: while you, my Lord Godalming and
friend Jonathan go in your so swift little steamboat up the river, and
whilst John and Quincey guard the bank where perchance he might be
landed, I will take Madam Mina right into the heart of the enemy's
country.  Here, Madam
Mina's hypnotic power will surely help, and we shall find our way--all
dark and unknown otherwise--after the first sunrise when we are near
that fateful place.  The Professor's voice, as he
spoke in clear, sweet tones, which seemed to vibrate in the air, calmed
us all:--

"Oh, my friend, it is because I would save Madam Mina from that awful
place that I would go.  It is
morning, and I write by a fire which all the night I have kept
alive--Madam Mina aiding me.  It seems to have
affected Madam Mina; she has been so heavy of head all day that she was
not like herself.  Now to the historical, for as Madam Mina write not in her stenography, I
must, in my cumbrous old fashion, that so each day of us may not go
unrecorded.  I made a
couch with furs, and Madam Mina, lying down, yield herself as usual, but
more slow and more short time than ever, to the hypnotic sleep.  At the first, I tell Madam Mina to sleep; she try, and
she succeed.  I
look down and find Madam Mina still sleep.  Then I arouse Madam Mina.  Again I waked
with a sense of guilt and of time passed, and found Madam Mina still
sleeping, and the sun low down.  I woke Madam Mina, and again tried to hypnotise her; but alas!  Then I make a fire; and near it I make
Madam Mina, now awake and more charming than ever, sit comfortable amid
her rugs.  Then, with the
fear on me of what might be, I drew a ring so big for her comfort, round
where Madam Mina sat; and over the ring I passed some of the wafer, and
I broke it fine so that all was well guarded.  I
feared for my dear Madam Mina when these weird figures drew near and
circled round.  They smiled ever at poor dear Madam Mina; and as their laugh came
through the silence of the night, they twined their arms and pointed to
her, and said in those so sweet tingling tones that Jonathan said were
of the intolerable sweetness of the water-glasses:--

"Come, sister.  In fear I turned to my poor
Madam Mina, and my heart with gladness leapt like flame; for oh!  They could not
approach, me, whilst so armed, nor Madam Mina whilst she remained within
the ring, which she could not leave no more than they could enter.  Instinctively, with the dawn coming, I turned to Madam Mina, intending
to hypnotise her; but she lay in a deep and sudden sleep, from which I
could not wake her.  When I left
Madam Mina sleeping within the Holy circle, I took my way to the castle.  Then I bethought me of my dear Madam Mina, and I was in terrible plight.  For it was the voice of my dear Madam Mina that I heard.  But God be thanked, that soul-wail of my dear Madam
Mina had not died out of my ears; and, before the spell could be wrought
further upon me, I had nerved myself to my wild work.  When I stepped into the circle where Madam Mina slept, she woke from her
sleep, and, seeing, me, cried out in pain that I had endured too much.  And so with trust and hope, and yet full of fear, we go eastward to meet
our friends--and _him_--whom Madam Mina tell me that she _know_ are
coming to meet us. 

Frase lunga: He can transform himself to wolf, as we gather
from the ship arrival in Whitby, when he tear open the dog; he can be as
bat, as Madam Mina saw him on the window at Whitby, and as friend John
saw him fly from this so near house, and as my friend Quincey saw him at
the window of Miss Lucy. 
Frase corta: Then I arouse Madam Mina.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Mina', 82), ('Madam', 81), ('dear', 18), ('friend', 8), ('John', 6), ('Van', 5), ('others', 5), ('Helsing', 5), ('Mrs.', 4), ('husband', 4)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('said', 20), ('be', 13), ('is', 13), ('had', 12), ('was', 12), ('have', 12), ('are', 7), ('go', 5), ('has', 4), ('do', 4)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Madam Mina', 81), (' John', 6), (' Van Helsing', 4), (' Jonathan', 3), (' God', 2), (' Harker', 2), (' Van', 1), (' Quincey', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Mina', 1), (' Quincey', 1), (' Danube', 1), (' Take', 1), (' Whitby', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['25 September'], ['September']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: "But why, dear Madam Mina? 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Van 
Frequenza: 81 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Van Helsing would, I know, do anything for me for a personal
reason, so, no matter on what ground he comes, we must accept his
wishes.  Van Helsing made a very careful examination of
the patient.  Van Helsing and I were
shown up to Lucy's room.  Van Helsing's face grew set as marble, and his eyebrows converged
till they almost touched over his nose.  Van Helsing slapped him on the shoulder.  Van Helsing took some things from his bag and laid
them on a little table out of sight.  Van Helsing turning to me, said:

"He is so young and strong and of blood so pure that we need not
defibrinate it."  Arthur did not notice it, but I
could hear the deep hiss of indrawn breath which is one of Van Helsing's
ways of betraying emotion.  Van Helsing raised his foot to stamp
in anger, but the instinct of his life and all the long years of habit
stood to him, and he put it down again softly.  Van Helsing returned in a couple of hours, and presently said to me:
"Now you go home, and eat much and drink enough.  Van Helsing and I arrived at Hillingham at
eight o'clock.  Van Helsing and I looked at
each other, and as we moved away he said: "We can attend to them later."  Van Helsing's
face almost beamed, and as we lifted her from the bath and rolled her in
a hot sheet to dry her he said to me:--

"The first gain is ours!  Van Helsing's sternness was somewhat relieved
by a look of perplexity.  Van
Helsing started angrily at the first sound, but his face softened and a
glad look came into his eyes as I cried out: "Quincey Morris!"  Van Helsing strode forward, and took his hand, looking him straight in
the eyes as he said:--

"A brave man's blood is the best thing on this earth when a woman is in
trouble.  Van Helsing put out his hand and took the
paper, saying:--

"Do not trouble about it now.  Van Helsing is simply
frantic about it, and I am at my wits' end.  Van Helsing stepped
over and took the pieces from her.  Van Helsing seemed surprised, and his brows gathered as
if in thought, but he said nothing.  Van Helsing was very kind to him.  Van Helsing ordered the former arrangement to be adhered to,
explaining that, as Lord Godalming was coming very soon, it would be
less harrowing to his feelings to see all that was left of his _fiance_
quite alone.  With me he was warm as ever, and to Van Helsing he
was sweetly courteous; but I could not help seeing that there was some
constraint with him.  Van Helsing had been silent all dinner-time; but
when we had lit our cigars he said--

"Lord----"; but Arthur interrupted him:--

"No, no, not that, for God's sake!  Van Helsing did not go to
bed at all.  Van Helsing is lying down, having a rest preparatory to his
journey.  _Telegram, Mrs. Harker to Van Helsing._

"_25 September._--Come to-day by quarter-past ten train if you can catch
it.  _Letter, Mrs. Harker to Van Helsing._

"_25 September, 6:30 p. m._

"My dear Dr. Van Helsing,--

"A thousand thanks for your kind letter, which has taken a great weight
off my mind.  Van Helsing
is the man to unmask him and hunt him out, if he is anything like what
Mina says.  Van Helsing went about his work systematically.  Van Helsing walked over to Lucy's coffin, and I followed.  Van Helsing did not
seem to notice my silence; at any rate, he showed neither chagrin nor
triumph.  This turned my blood
cold, and it began to dawn upon me that I was accepting Van Helsing's
theories; but if she were really dead, what was there of terror in the
idea of killing her?  Van Helsing rose up from where he had all the time been seated, and
said, gravely and sternly:--

"My Lord Godalming, I, too, have a duty to do, a duty to others, a duty
to you, a duty to the dead; and, by God, I shall do it!  Van Helsing forced back the leaden flange, and we all looked in and
recoiled.  Van Helsing reverently lifted his hat as he answered:--

"The Host.  Van Helsing stepped out, and, obedient to his gesture, we
all advanced too; the four of us ranged in a line before the door of the
tomb.  Van Helsing raised his lantern and drew the slide; by the
concentrated light that fell on Lucy's face we could see that the lips
were crimson with fresh blood, and that the stream had trickled over her
chin and stained the purity of her lawn death-robe.  Van Helsing broke the silence by asking Arthur:--

"Answer me, oh my friend!  Van Helsing laid a hand on his
shoulder, and said:--

"Brave lad!  Van Helsing opened
his missal and began to read, and Quincey and I followed as well as we
could.  Van Helsing came and laid his hand on Arthur's shoulder, and said to
him:--

"And now, Arthur my friend, dear lad, am I not forgiven?"  Van Helsing stepped from the carriage with the eager nimbleness of a
boy.  Van Helsing was gazing at
him with a look of utmost intensity, his bushy eyebrows almost meeting
with the fixed concentration of his look.  Van Helsing smiled in turn.  Van Helsing sits in my study poring over the
record prepared by the Harkers; he seems to think that by accurate
knowledge of all details he will light upon some clue.  Van Helsing is off to the
British Museum looking up some authorities on ancient medicine.  Van Helsing returned with
extraordinary celerity, bearing with him a surgical case.  Van Helsing nodded to him as he whispered to me unconsciously:--

"The _Acherontia Aitetropos of the Sphinges_--what you call the
'Death's-head Moth'?"  Van Helsing stood up instinctively.  Van Helsing said solemnly, "You are always right; but this is life and
death.  Van Helsing stepped forward and drew the coverlet gently
over her body, whilst Art, after looking at her face for an instant
despairingly, ran out of the room.  Van Helsing whispered to me:--

"Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know the Vampire can produce.  Van Helsing and I tried to calm them both.  Van Helsing looked at me
questioningly.  Van Helsing said gravely:--

"Go on, friend Arthur.  Van Helsing turned to Morris and asked:--

"And you, friend Quincey, have you any to tell?"  Van Helsing
asked if he had heard "voices" or "a voice," and he said he could not
say; that at first it had seemed to him as if there were two, but as
there was no one in the room it could have been only one.  Van Helsing was looking at her fixedly as she spoke, and said, suddenly
but quietly:--

"But dear Madam Mina, are you not afraid; not for yourself, but for
others from yourself, after what has happened?"  Van
Helsing went on:--

"When once within that house we may find more clues; at any rate some of
us can remain there whilst the rest find the other places where there be
more earth-boxes--at Bermondsey and Mile End."  Van Helsing had not intended to recall her
frightful experience.  Van Helsing turned to him
quickly and said:--

"God will act in His own way and time.  Van
Helsing pulled back the latch, and, holding the door half open, stood
back, having both hands ready for action.  Van Helsing and I tried to make inquiry at the back
of the house; but the mews was deserted and no one had seen him depart.  Van Helsing beckoned
to us and we stole out of the room, leaving the two loving hearts alone
with their God.  Van Helsing had placed at
hand a bell which either of them was to sound in case of any emergency.  Van Helsing is coming to my study a little before the others.  Van Helsing
continued:--

"With the sad experience of Miss Lucy, we must this time be warned
before things go too far.  Van Helsing has
gone away to prepare for the meeting, and his painful part of it.  Van
Helsing roughly put the facts before us first:--

"The _Czarina Catherine_ left the Thames yesterday morning.  Van Helsing
motioned to me to come with him quietly.  Van Helsing says that our chance will be to get
on the boat between sunrise and sunset.  Van Helsing examines, he tells me,
her teeth very carefully, whilst she is in the hypnotic condition, for
he says that so long as they do not begin to sharpen there is no active
danger of a change in her.  Van Helsing and I were a little alarmed about Mrs. Harker to-day.  Van Helsing is terribly anxious, and told me just now that he
fears the Count is escaping us.  Van Helsing raised his hand over his head for a
moment, as though in remonstrance with the Almighty; but he said not a
word, and in a few seconds stood up with his face sternly set.  Van Helsing shook his
head: "I fear not.  Van Helsing and I looked at each other with understanding.  Van Helsing seemed to throw his whole
soul into the effort; at last, in obedience to his will she made
reply:--

"All is dark.  Van Helsing's Memorandum._

_5 November, afternoon._--I am at least sane.  Van Helsing summed it all up as he said, with
our boy on his knee:--

"We want no proofs; we ask none to believe us! 

Frase lunga: Van Helsing rose up from where he had all the time been seated, and
said, gravely and sternly:--

"My Lord Godalming, I, too, have a duty to do, a duty to others, a duty
to you, a duty to the dead; and, by God, I shall do it! 
Frase corta: Van Helsing smiled in turn.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Van', 82), ('Helsing', 77), ('Arthur', 6), ('hand', 6), ('face', 6), ('room', 4), ('look', 4), ('duty', 4), ('God', 4), ('Lucy', 4)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('is', 18), ('said', 17), ('was', 14), ('had', 9), ('be', 5), ('were', 5), ('do', 4), ('took', 4), ('stepped', 4), ('looked', 4)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Van', 81), (' Arthur', 6), (' Lucy', 3), (' Helsing', 2), (' Quincey', 2), (' God', 2), (' Brave', 1), (' Madam Mina', 1), (' Harker', 1), (' Mina', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' _Telegram', 1), (' British', 1), (' _Letter', 1), (' Almighty', 1), (' Morris', 1), (' Thames', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['25 September'], ['September'], ['25 September'], ['September'], ['5 November'], ['November']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Van Helsing was very kind to him. 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  John 
Frequenza: 65 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
Till then good-bye, my friend John.  And, my good friend John, let me caution you.  He stopped and looked at me, and said:--

"My friend John, when the corn is grown, even before it has
ripened--while the milk of its mother-earth is in him, and the sunshine
has not yet begun to paint him with his gold, the husbandman he pull the
ear and rub him between his rough hands, and blow away the green chaff,
and say to you: 'Look!  See you now, friend John?  You are better than
me, better than my friend John."  My friend John and I have consulted; and we are about to perform
what we call transfusion of blood--to transfer from full veins of one to
the empty veins which pine for him.  John was to give his blood, as he is
the more young and strong than me"--here Arthur took my hand and wrung
it hard in silence--"but, now you are here, you are more good than us,
old or young, who toil much in the world of thought.  Friend John, help to me!"  There is no young Arthur here now; I have
to call on you yourself this time, friend John."  Come with me, friend John, and you shall
help me deck the room with my garlic, which is all the way from Haarlem,
where my friend Vanderpool raise herb in his glass-houses all the year.  "Good, oh my friend John!  Ah yes, I know, friend John; I am not blind!  I had hardly sealed the
letter, when, to my surprise, Van Helsing walked into the room,
saying:--

"Can I help you, friend John?  When we had finished the work in hand, he said to me:--

"And now, friend John, I think we may to bed.  Oh, but I must not forget, my dear friend John, that
you loved her; and I have not forgotten it, for it is I that shall
operate, and you must only help.  For answer he put his hand on my shoulder, and said, with infinite
tenderness:--

"Friend John, I pity your poor bleeding heart; and I love you the more
because it does so bleed.  John, my child, you have been my friend now many years, and yet
did you ever know me to do any without good cause?  Believe me yet a little, friend
John.  He paused a
moment and went on solemnly: "Friend John, there are strange and
terrible days before us.  He said:--

"Ah, you don't comprehend, friend John.  And yet
when he say things that touch my husband-heart to the quick, and make my
father-heart yearn to him as to no other man--not even to you, friend
John, for we are more level in experiences than father and son--yet even
at such moment King Laugh he come to me and shout and bellow in my ear,
'Here I am!  Oh, friend John, it is
a strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and
troubles; and yet when King Laugh come he make them all dance to the
tune he play.  And believe me, friend John, that
he is good to come, and kind.  But there was a difficulty, friend John.  He laid
his hand on my arm, and said:--

"Friend John, forgive me if I pain.  "Do you mean to tell me, friend John, that you have no suspicion as to
what poor Lucy died of; not after all the hints given, not only by
events, but by me?"  He stepped over and
sat down beside me, and went on:--

"You are clever man, friend John; you reason well, and your wit is bold;
but you are too prejudiced.  Then, friend John, am I to take it that you
simply accept fact, and are satisfied to let from premise to conclusion
be a blank?  "Are you satisfied now, friend
John?"  "And what is that, friend John?"  Are you of belief now, friend
John?"  She was bitten by the vampire
when she was in a trance, sleep-walking--oh, you start; you do not know
that, friend John, but you shall know it all later--and in trance could
he best come to take more blood.  "_27 September._

"Friend John,--

"I write this in case anything should happen.  "Oh," said the Professor, "then you are nearer the beginning, both of
you, than friend John here, who has to go a long way back before he can
even get so far as to begin."  I have come here from my own land
to do what I can of good; at the first to please my friend John, and
then to help a sweet young lady, whom, too, I came to love.  Did she not, friend John?"  Then said the
Professor as we moved off:--

"Two nights hence you shall meet with me and dine together at seven of
the clock with friend John.  Friend John, you come with me home, for I have much to consult
about, and you can help me.  She must go to your
house, friend John.  He saw me at once, and rushed up to me, saying:--

"Ah, friend John, how goes all?  Friend John, up to now fortune has made that woman of help
to us; after to-night she must not have to do with this so terrible
affair.  Before we went to prepare for
dinner he said to Mrs. Harker:--

"I am told, Madam Mina, by my friend John that you and your husband have
put up in exact order all things that have been, up to this moment."  He can transform himself to wolf, as we gather
from the ship arrival in Whitby, when he tear open the dog; he can be as
bat, as Madam Mina saw him on the window at Whitby, and as friend John
saw him fly from this so near house, and as my friend Quincey saw him at
the window of Miss Lucy.  "Take me with you, friend John," said the Professor.  Lord Godalming and I were silent, but Dr. Van Helsing added:--

"Friend John, you know more of lunatics than I do, and I'm glad of it,
for I fear that if it had been to me to decide I would before that last
hysterical outburst have given him free.  The Professor stepped over, and laying his hand
on his shoulder, said in his grave, kindly way:--

"Friend John, have no fear.  "Now," he said, "friend John, where are the
skeleton keys?  Why do you smile, friend John?"  "Your memory is true, friend John.  Friend John, it does
rejoice me unspeakable that she is no more to be pained, no more to be
worried with our terrible things.  Friend John, when I turn the handle, if
the door does not open, do you put your shoulder down and shove; and you
too, my friends.  How he has been
making use of the zophagous patient to effect his entry into friend
John's home; for your Vampire, though in all afterwards he can come when
and how he will, must at the first make entry only when asked thereto by
an inmate.  All this have I told these others; you, my
dear Madam Mina, will learn it in the phonograph of my friend John, or
in that of your husband.  After beating
about the bush a little, he said suddenly:--

"Friend John, there is something that you and I must talk of alone, just
at the first at any rate.  John will stay
with Madam Mina and me, and we shall consult.  "You are in part right, friend John, but only in part.  Oh, John, my friend, we are in awful straits.  Then holding the pages between his finger and
thumb he said:--

"Friend John, to you with so much of experience already--and you, too,
dear Madam Mina, that are young--here is a lesson: do not fear ever to
think.  You, John, yes; for it is
a study of insanity.  Be not afraid;
John and I know.  Friend John, this has been a great
hour; and it have done much to advance us on our way.  Now let
me say that what I would is this: while you, my Lord Godalming and
friend Jonathan go in your so swift little steamboat up the river, and
whilst John and Quincey guard the bank where perchance he might be
landed, I will take Madam Mina right into the heart of the enemy's
country.  To begin twice more after I had
been through a deed of horror; for if it was terrible with the sweet
Miss Lucy, what would it not be with these strange ones who had survived
through centuries, and who had been strengthened by the passing of the
years; who would, if they could, have fought for their foul lives....

Oh, my friend John, but it was butcher work; had I not been nerved by
thoughts of other dead, and of the living over whom hung such a pall of
fear, I could not have gone on.  For, friend John, hardly had my knife
severed the head of each, before the whole body began to melt away and
crumble in to its native dust, as though the death that should have come
centuries agone had at last assert himself and say at once and loud "I
am here!"  It must be Quincey and John. 

Frase lunga: To begin twice more after I had
been through a deed of horror; for if it was terrible with the sweet
Miss Lucy, what would it not be with these strange ones who had survived
through centuries, and who had been strengthened by the passing of the
years; who would, if they could, have fought for their foul lives....

Oh, my friend John, but it was butcher work; had I not been nerved by
thoughts of other dead, and of the living over whom hung such a pall of
fear, I could not have gone on. 
Frase corta: See you now, friend John?

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('John', 65), ('friend', 34), ('Friend', 14), ('Madam', 6), ('Mina', 6), ('hand', 5), ('Professor', 4), ('world', 4), ('way', 4), ('help', 3)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('have', 17), ('is', 16), ('are', 14), ('friend', 14), ('said', 13), ('had', 9), ('do', 9), ('been', 8), ('be', 7), ('come', 7)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' John', 65), (' Madam Mina', 6), (' Quincey', 2), (' Arthur', 2), (' Van Helsing', 2), (' Lucy', 1), (' Till', 1), (' Lord', 1), (' King Laugh', 1), (' Jonathan', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Ah', 1), (' Quincey', 1), (' Haarlem', 1), (' Believe', 1), (' Whitby', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['27 September'], ['September']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: Friend John, help to me!" 
---------------------------------------------

Nome:  Quincey 
Frequenza: 47 

Frasi che contengono il nome:
I left Quincey lying down
after having a glass of wine, and told the cook to get ready a good
breakfast.  When I got back Quincey was waiting for me.  So I went down to Quincey and took him into the breakfast-room, where
the blinds were not drawn down, and which was a little more cheerful, or
rather less cheerless, than the other rooms.  Here we stay until all be well--or ill." Quincey held
out his hand.  Quincey Morris said nothing about his intention, but I knew
that all night long he patrolled round and round the house.  Quincey went off to meet him at the station.  What a fine fellow is Quincey!  Arthur and Quincey went
away together to the station, and Van Helsing and I came on here.  Quincey Morris is with
him, and that is much of a help, for he himself is a bubbling well of
good spirits.  Quincey wrote me a line too, and from him I hear that
Arthur is beginning to recover something of his old buoyancy; so as to
them all my mind is at rest.  *       *       *       *       *

_29 September, morning._.... Last night, at a little before ten o'clock,
Arthur and Quincey came into Van Helsing's room; he told us all that he
wanted us to do, but especially addressing himself to Arthur, as if all
our wills were centred in his.  He held out a hand, which Quincey took.  Quincey
Morris was phlegmatic in the way of a man who accepts all things, and
accepts them in the spirit of cool bravery, with hazard of all he has to
stake.  Arthur and Quincey drew near
also, as they too were curious.  asked Quincey.  Arthur and Quincey came home with me, and we tried to cheer each other
on the way.  To
me, a doctor's preparations for work of any kind are stimulating and
bracing, but the effect of these things on both Arthur and Quincey was
to cause them a sort of consternation.  Van Helsing opened
his missal and began to read, and Quincey and I followed as well as we
could.  Arthur bent and kissed her, and then we sent him and Quincey out of the
tomb; the Professor and I sawed the top off the stake, leaving the point
of it in the body.  Poor Art seemed more cheerful than he has been since Lucy first took
ill, and Quincey is more like his own bright self than he has been for
many a long day.  And
Arthur and my friend Quincey, they are with you, too?  He can transform himself to wolf, as we gather
from the ship arrival in Whitby, when he tear open the dog; he can be as
bat, as Madam Mina saw him on the window at Whitby, and as friend John
saw him fly from this so near house, and as my friend Quincey saw him at
the window of Miss Lucy.  But we live and learn, and in
our present task we must take no chance, as my friend Quincey would say.  So Van Helsing has gone to confer with Mrs. Harker and Harker; Quincey
and Art are all out following up the clues as to the earth-boxes.  By-and-by he stopped and said, turning from one to
another of us:--

"Quincey's head is level.  Harker is out, following up clues; and so are
Lord Godalming and Quincey.  So I woke Quincey or rather called for him as he was not asleep.  When Quincey saw the
attitude and state of the patient, and noted the horrible pool on the
floor, he said softly:--

"My God!  Art and Quincey held back, and the
latter said:--

"Should we disturb her?"  The moonlight suddenly failed, as a
great black cloud sailed across the sky; and when the gaslight sprang up
under Quincey's match, we saw nothing but a faint vapour.  Just as I had finished, Quincey and Godalming knocked at the door.  Van Helsing turned to Morris and asked:--

"And you, friend Quincey, have you any to tell?"  "Friend Quincey is right!"  As to the disposal of forces, it was suggested by the Professor that,
after our visit to Carfax, we should all enter the house in Piccadilly;
that the two doctors and I should remain there, whilst Lord Godalming
and Quincey found the lairs at Walworth and Mile End and destroyed them.  *       *       *       *       *

_Piccadilly, 12:30 o'clock._--Just before we reached Fenchurch Street
Lord Godalming said to me:--

"Quincey and I will find a locksmith.  What we must hope for
is that my Lord Arthur and Quincey arrive first."  We were silent for a minute, and then Quincey said:--

"There's nothing to do but to wait here.  When they had retired, Quincey, Godalming, and I arranged that we should
sit up, dividing the night between us, and watch over the safety of the
poor stricken lady.  He swear much, and he red face
and loud of voice, but he good fellow all the same; and when Quincey
give him something from his pocket which crackle as he roll it up, and
put it in a so small bag which he have hid deep in his clothing, he
still better fellow and humble servant to us.  Quincey
seemed to understand; he nodded, and her face lit up.  The voice was Quincey's, but it was low and
strained.  Quincey was the first to rise after the pause.  Quincey Morris
tightened his belt with that quick movement which I knew so well; in our
old wandering days it meant "action."  Quincey raised his eyebrows slightly and looked at her intently, whilst
Harker's hand instinctively closed round the hilt of his Kukri.  Dr.
Seward said:--

"I think I had better go with Quincey.  It must be Quincey and John.  In the midst of this I could see that Jonathan on one side of the ring
of men, and Quincey on the other, were forcing a way to the cart; it was
evident that they were bent on finishing their task before the sun
should set. 

Frase lunga: He can transform himself to wolf, as we gather
from the ship arrival in Whitby, when he tear open the dog; he can be as
bat, as Madam Mina saw him on the window at Whitby, and as friend John
saw him fly from this so near house, and as my friend Quincey saw him at
the window of Miss Lucy. 
Frase corta: asked Quincey.

10 Sostantivi più frequenti: [('Quincey', 47), ('Arthur', 10), ('Van', 5), ('Godalming', 5), ('Helsing', 5), ('Morris', 5), ('friend', 4), ('Lord', 4), ('Harker', 4), ('Art', 3)] 
10 Verbi più frequenti: [('is', 11), ('was', 10), ('said', 7), ('were', 6), ('saw', 5), ('has', 4), ('are', 4), ('held', 3), ('had', 3), ('went', 3)]
10 Persone più frequenti: [(' Quincey', 47), (' Arthur', 6), (' Morris', 3), (' Van Helsing', 3), (' Van', 2), (' John', 2), (' Poor', 1), (' Madam Mina', 1), (' Harker', 1), (' Lucy', 1)] 
10 Luoghi più frequenti: [(' Arthur', 4), (' Harker', 2), (' Art', 1), (' Carfax', 1), (' Godalming', 1), (' Piccadilly', 1), (' Whitby', 1), (' Morris', 1)] 

Date, Mesi e Giorni della settimana: [['29 September'], ['September']]
Frase Markov con probabilità più alta lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12: He held out a hand, which Quincey took. 
---------------------------------------------

